迈	O	O
向	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
们	O	O
、	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
们	O	O
、	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
们	O	O
、	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
互	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
等	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
和	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
周	O	O
边	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
亚	O	O
太	O	O
经	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
东	B	B
盟	E	E
―	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
韩	O	O
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
―	O	O
东	B	B
盟	E	E
首	O	O
脑	O	O
非	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
顺	O	O
应	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
环	O	O
顾	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
异	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
为	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
宁	O	O
。	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
富	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
；	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
；	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
仍	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
弱	O	O
势	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
；	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
还	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
和	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
是	O	O
光	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
帆	O	O
风	O	O
顺	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
新	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
条	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
都	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
繁	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
和	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
揽	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
而	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
手	O	O
抓	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
手	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
硬	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
富	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
手	O	O
抓	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
手	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
硬	O	O
”	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
雁	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
正	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
非	O	O
凡	O	O
而	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
新	O	O
年	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
华	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
与	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
激	O	O
昂	O	O
奋	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
辞	O	O
旧	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
等	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
合	O	O
影	O	O
留	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
向	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
坚	O	O
守	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
（	O	O
Ａ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
）	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
信	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
坚	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
身	O	O
于	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
创	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
为	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
转	O	O
机	O	O
建	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
献	O	O
计	O	O
献	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
等	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
创	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
和	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
锲	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
舍	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
难	O	O
而	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
建	O	O
功	O	O
立	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
忠	O	O
诚	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
久	O	O
经	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
据	O	O
泽	O	O
仁	O	O
桑	O	O
珠	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
厄	O	O
尔	O	O
尼	O	O
诺	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
的	O	O
唐	B	B
古	M	M
拉	M	M
山	E	E
、	O	O
喜	B	B
马	M	M
拉	M	M
雅	M	M
山	E	E
一	O	O
线	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
南	O	O
支	O	O
槽	O	O
云	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
那	B	B
曲	E	E
、	O	O
阿	B	B
里	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	O
喀	M	O
则	E	O
、	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
、	O	O
山	B	O
南	E	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
昌	B	O
都	E	O
等	O	O
６	O	O
地	O	O
市	O	O
都	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O
那	B	B
曲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
自	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
５	O	O
次	O	O
强	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
尼	B	B
玛	M	M
县	E	E
、	O	O
安	B	B
多	M	M
县	E	E
等	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
阿	B	B
里	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
喀	M	M
则	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
、	O	O
山	B	B
南	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
、	O	O
昌	B	B
都	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
胡	O	O
晓	O	O
梦	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	O	O
亚	O	O
明	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
郭	O	O
东	O	O
坡	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
介	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
归	O	O
侨	O	O
、	O	O
侨	O	O
眷	O	O
、	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
贺	O	O
词	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
归	O	O
侨	O	O
、	O	O
侨	O	O
眷	O	O
、	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
播	O	O
音	O	O
员	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
持	O	O
证	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
播	O	O
音	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
持	O	O
证	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O
播	O	O
音	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
话	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
后	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
贵	B	B
阳	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
子	O	O
富	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
和	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
了	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
促	O	O
膝	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
。	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
把	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
做	O	O
深	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
细	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
村	O	O
逐	O	O
户	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
对	O	O
口	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
。	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
自	O	O
力	O	O
更	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
永	O	O
波	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
永	O	O
波	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
辈	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
、	O	O
感	O	O
召	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
、	O	O
奋	O	O
发	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
向	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
同	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
爱	O	O
岗	O	O
敬	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
为	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
才	O	O
智	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
周	O	O
子	O	O
玉	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
天	O	O
标	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
守	O	O
芳	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
解	O	O
振	O	O
华	O	O
庄	O	O
重	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
流	O	O
域	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
家	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
家	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
转	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
家	O	O
因	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
无	O	O
望	O	O
被	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
关	O	O
停	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
总	O	O
站	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
干	O	O
流	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
支	O	O
流	O	O
水	O	O
质	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
支	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
断	O	O
面	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
仍	O	O
较	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
旅	O	O
游	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
促	O	O
销	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
致	O	O
词	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
冰	O	O
雕	O	O
童	O	O
话	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
谈	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
“	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
周	O	O
边	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
睦	O	O
邻	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
―	O	O
东	B	B
盟	E	E
非	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
与	O	O
东	B	B
盟	E	E
的	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
睦	O	O
邻	O	O
互	O	O
信	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
与	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
、	O	O
拉	B	B
丁	M	M
美	M	M
洲	E	E
、	O	O
南	B	B
亚	E	E
和	O	O
中	B	B
东	M	M
欧	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
新	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O
延	O	O
安	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
日	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
五	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
和	O	O
沿	O	O
途	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
六	O	O
六	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
五	O	O
五	O	O
万	O	O
头	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
畜	O	O
的	O	O
饮	O	O
水	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
水	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
孟	O	O
西	O	O
安	O	O
祁	O	O
勇	O	O
）	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
大	B	B
连	M	M
港	E	E
已	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
至	O	O
威	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
烟	B	B
台	E	E
、	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
仁	B	O
川	E	O
等	O	O
六	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
客	O	O
货	O	O
滚	O	O
装	O	O
航	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
至	O	O
北	B	B
美	M	M
洲	E	E
、	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
等	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
班	O	O
轮	O	O
航	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
至	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
、	O	O
延	B	B
吉	E	E
、	O	O
沈	B	O
阳	E	O
三	O	O
条	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
班	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
至	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
杂	O	O
货	O	O
班	O	O
轮	O	O
航	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
临	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
时	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
分	O	O
摊	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
意	O	O
等	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
上	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
上	O	O
调	O	O
到	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
从	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
调	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
下	O	O
限	O	O
从	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
下	O	O
调	O	O
至	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
分	O	O
摊	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
遵	O	O
循	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
”	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
还	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
就	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
重	O	O
开	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
代	O	O
表	O	O
斯	O	O
卡	O	O
拉	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
使	O	O
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
欠	O	O
款	O	O
与	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
会	O	O
费	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
非	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
缴	O	O
清	O	O
欠	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
重	O	O
开	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
无	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
塔	O	O
拉	O	O
尔	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
巴	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
参	O	O
议	O	O
院	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
共	O	O
计	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
张	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
南	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
诞	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
各	O	O
具	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
剧	O	O
增	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
则	O	O
可	O	O
望	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
在	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
已	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
家	O	O
独	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
省	O	O
的	O	O
铬	O	O
铁	O	O
矿	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
就	O	O
逾	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
如	O	O
果	O	O
迟	O	O
迟	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
非	O	B
洲	O	E
统	O	O
一	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
等	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
遵	O	O
从	O	O
的	O	O
惯	O	O
例	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
与	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
席	O	O
位	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
背	O	O
道	O	O
而	O	O
驰	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
受	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
隔	O	O
离	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
建	O	O
交	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
恩	O	O
佐	O	O
在	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
对	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
正	O	O
式	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
将	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	E
香	M	B
港	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
者	O	O
加	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
第	O	O
六	O	O
大	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
比	B	B
勒	M	M
陀	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
温	O	O
宪	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
殷	O	O
立	O	O
青	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赵	O	O
毅	O	O
、	O	O
尚	O	O
绪	O	O
谦	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
也	O	O
刚	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
和	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
恩	O	O
佐	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
后	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
方	O	O
面	O	O
已	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
驻	O	O
南	O	O
非	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
王	O	O
学	O	O
贤	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
首	O	O
任	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
方	O	O
面	O	O
已	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
恩	O	O
佐	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
曼	O	O
德	O	O
拉	O	O
已	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
南	O	B
非	O	E
驻	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
戴	O	O
克	O	O
瑞	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
任	O	O
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
。	O	O
恩	O	O
佐	O	O
在	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
地	O	O
要	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
，	O	O
这	O	O
既	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
惯	O	O
例	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
益	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
建	O	O
交	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
又	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
盟	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
便	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
捍	O	O
卫	O	O
全	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
滑	O	O
坡	O	O
并	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
了	O	O
停	O	O
滞	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
。	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
波	B	B
恩	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吕	O	O
鸿	O	O
）	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
金	O	O
克	O	O
尔	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
称	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
都	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
基	B	O
辅	E	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
乌	B	B
克	M	M
兰	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
乌	O	O
多	O	O
文	O	O
科	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
乌	B	B
克	M	M
兰	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
和	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
乌	B	B
克	M	M
兰	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
致	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
内	O	O
将	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
德	B	B
班	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
温	O	O
宪	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
著	O	O
名	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
德	B	O
班	E	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
正	O	O
式	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
是	O	O
给	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
礼	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
市	E	E
与	O	O
夸	B	B
―	M	M
纳	M	M
省	E	E
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
五	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
搪	O	O
瓷	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
具	O	O
等	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
沙	O	O
曼	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
鲁	O	O
丽	O	O
访	O	O
老	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
和	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
老	B	B
挝	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
马	B	B
里	M	M
兰	M	M
州	E	E
盖	B	B
茨	M	M
堡	M	M
镇	E	E
举	O	O
办	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
灯	O	O
展	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
河	B	B
内	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
凌	O	O
德	O	O
权	O	O
）	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
潘	O	O
文	O	O
凯	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
将	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
厉	O	O
行	O	O
节	O	O
俭	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
潘	O	O
文	O	O
凯	O	O
在	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
目	O	O
前	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
巴	O	O
希	O	O
尔	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
以	O	O
约	O	O
翰	O	O
・	O	O
加	O	O
朗	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
。	O	O
苏	O	O
丹	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
的	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
复	O	O
兴	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
以	O	O
求	O	O
自	O	O
给	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
把	O	O
苏	B	B
丹	E	E
变	O	O
成	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
和	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
的	O	O
面	O	O
包	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
突	B	B
尼	M	M
斯	E	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
吴	O	O
传	O	O
福	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
向	O	O
突	B	B
尼	M	M
斯	E	E
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
互	O	O
助	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
录	O	O
像	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
照	O	O
相	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
球	O	O
类	O	O
等	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
专	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
向	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
息	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
而	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
移	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
蒙	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
蒙	B	O
古	E	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
阿	O	O
勒	O	O
坦	O	O
格	O	O
列	O	O
尔	O	O
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
蒙	B	O
古	E	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
齐	O	O
治	O	O
家	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
交	O	O
接	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
上	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
已	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
裘	O	O
皮	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
洗	O	O
衣	O	O
粉	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
沥	O	O
青	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
瓦	O	O
楞	O	O
纸	O	O
板	O	O
箱	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
油	O	O
漆	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
兽	O	O
药	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
血	O	O
提	O	O
取	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
（	O	O
超	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
物	O	O
化	O	O
歧	O	O
化	O	O
酶	O	O
）	O	O
厂	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
阔	O	O
步	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
８	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
棉	O	O
产	O	O
区	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
去	O	O
年	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
再	O	O
获	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
塔	B	B
里	M	M
木	M	M
盆	M	M
地	E	M
麦	B	M
盖	M	M
提	M	M
乡	E	E
像	O	O
小	O	O
山	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
堆	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
都	O	O
乐	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
武	O	O
斌	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
吉	B	B
林	M	M
省	E	E
去	O	O
年	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
岭	O	O
市	O	O
怀	O	O
德	O	O
粮	O	O
库	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
收	O	O
粮	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
蒋	O	O
林	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
北	B	O
京	E	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
某	O	O
部	O	O
一	O	O
连	O	O
连	O	O
长	O	O
白	O	O
文	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
心	O	O
扑	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
带	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
批	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
士	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
荣	O	O
立	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
白	O	O
文	O	O
建	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
缪	O	O
青	O	O
民	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
８	O	O
、	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
重	O	O
视	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
话	O	O
唱	O	O
国	O	O
歌	O	O
与	O	O
写	O	O
杂	O	O
文	O	O
忆	O	O
及	O	O
幼	O	O
年	O	O
所	O	O
见	O	O
门	O	O
联	O	O
：	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
点	O	O
头	O	O
多	O	O
一	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
子	O	O
拍	O	O
手	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
今	O	O
七	O	O
老	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
逢	O	O
岁	O	O
末	O	O
除	O	O
旧	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
想	O	O
点	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
偶	O	O
然	O	O
感	O	O
触	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
风	O	O
马	O	O
牛	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
唱	O	O
国	O	O
歌	O	O
和	O	O
写	O	O
杂	O	O
文	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
杂	O	O
文	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
“	O	O
画	O	O
堂	O	O
鹦	O	O
鹉	O	O
鸟	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
暖	O	O
不	O	O
自	O	O
知	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
鸣	O	O
禽	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
三	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
轻	O	O
骑	O	O
号	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
二	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
百	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
、	O	O
革	O	O
故	O	O
鼎	O	O
新	O	O
涤	O	O
浊	O	O
扬	O	O
清	O	O
为	O	O
己	O	O
重	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
唱	O	O
国	O	O
歌	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
写	O	O
杂	O	O
文	O	O
之	O	O
简	O	O
明	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
杂	O	O
文	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
针	O	O
砭	O	O
时	O	O
弊	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
闪	O	O
烁	O	O
着	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
锋	O	O
芒	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
边	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
火	O	O
热	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
杂	O	O
文	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
！	O	O
归	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
雁	O	O
阵	O	O
飞	O	O
过	O	O
渭	B	B
水	E	E
秦	O	O
皇	O	O
战	O	O
车	O	O
碾	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
道	O	O
旁	O	O
从	O	O
黄	O	O
土	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
矢	O	O
志	O	O
报	O	O
偿	O	O
护	O	O
卫	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
的	O	O
肤	O	O
色	O	O
辉	O	O
映	O	O
着	O	O
长	O	O
天	O	O
大	O	O
野	O	O
陪	O	O
伴	O	O
着	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
它	O	O
洁	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
浆	O	O
汁	O	O
为	O	O
母	O	O
乳	O	O
半	O	O
生	O	O
用	O	O
血	O	O
抚	O	O
养	O	O
刀	O	O
枪	O	O
黄	O	O
土	O	O
陡	O	O
壁	O	O
的	O	O
缝	O	O
缝	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
明	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
可	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
惆	O	O
怅	O	O
和	O	O
孤	O	O
独	O	O
也	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
旋	O	O
转	O	O
着	O	O
落	O	O
下	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
巧	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
婆	O	O
姨	O	O
们	O	O
缝	O	O
成	O	O
三	O	O
分	O	O
威	O	O
严	O	O
，	O	O
七	O	O
分	O	O
纯	O	O
朴	O	O
爱	O	O
、	O	O
希	O	O
冀	O	O
和	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
上	O	O
摘	O	O
星	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
战	O	O
塬	O	O
谷	O	O
的	O	O
（	O	O
关	O	O
山	O	O
月	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
爆	O	O
竹	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
岁	O	O
除	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
送	O	O
暖	O	O
入	O	O
屠	O	O
苏	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
旧	O	O
岁	O	O
要	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
丝	O	O
莫	O	O
名	O	O
无	O	O
言	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
明	O	O
明	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
是	O	O
些	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
是	O	O
丰	O	O
裕	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
洁	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
默	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
倒	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
儿	O	O
自	O	O
私	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
每	O	O
时	O	O
每	O	O
刻	O	O
都	O	O
从	O	O
慈	O	O
爱	O	O
而	O	O
宽	O	O
容	O	O
的	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
索	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
在	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
抚	O	O
爱	O	O
与	O	O
鞭	O	O
策	O	O
下	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
。	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
挥	O	O
汗	O	O
如	O	O
雨	O	O
奔	O	O
波	O	O
如	O	O
梭	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
而	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
永	O	O
恒	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
抹	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
飞	O	O
鸟	O	O
在	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
滑	O	O
翔	O	O
的	O	O
痕	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
朵	O	O
花	O	O
从	O	O
绽	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
凋	O	O
零	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
犹	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
程	O	O
寂	O	O
寞	O	O
漫	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
旅	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
春	O	O
夏	O	O
秋	O	O
冬	O	O
抑	O	O
或	O	O
晨	O	O
昏	O	O
昼	O	O
夜	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
更	O	O
迭	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
精	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
斑	O	O
斓	O	O
的	O	O
贺	O	O
卡	O	O
，	O	O
读	O	O
着	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
诗	O	O
句	O	O
、	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
祝	O	O
辞	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
、	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
欣	O	O
慰	O	O
之	O	O
情	O	O
油	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
、	O	O
甜	O	O
蜜	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
丝	O	O
丝	O	O
缕	O	O
缕	O	O
，	O	O
细	O	O
腻	O	O
绵	O	O
长	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
贺	O	O
年	O	O
（	O	O
有	O	O
奖	O	O
）	O	O
明	O	O
信	O	O
片	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
总	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
奖	O	O
上	O	O
做	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
“	O	O
祝	O	O
君	O	O
中	O	O
奖	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
奖	O	O
有	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
”	O	O
云	O	O
云	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
相	O	O
交	O	O
甚	O	O
笃	O	O
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
以	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
有	O	O
奖	O	O
明	O	O
信	O	O
片	O	O
相	O	O
赠	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
写	O	O
中	O	O
奖	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
语	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
又	O	O
如	O	O
期	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
信	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
祝	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
啊	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
心	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
何	O	O
等	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
的	O	O
啊	O	O
！	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
蔚	B	O
县	E	O
剪	O	O
纸	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
扎	O	O
根	O	O
于	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
细	O	O
语	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
画	O	O
）	O	O
董	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
我	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
只	O	O
大	O	O
铁	O	O
盆	O	O
内	O	O
盛	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
鲜	O	O
活	O	O
鱼	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
鲤	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
鲫	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
昌	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
鲶	O	O
鱼	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
鱼	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
常	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
食	O	O
佳	O	O
肴	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
描	O	O
绘	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
手	O	O
笔	O	O
下	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
钟	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
幅	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
那	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
鱼	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
态	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
水	O	O
中	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
欢	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
给	O	O
鱼	O	O
以	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
是	O	O
鱼	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
卖	O	O
主	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
四	B	O
川	E	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
代	O	O
客	O	O
对	O	O
鱼	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
粗	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
活	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
利	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
观	O	O
者	O	O
赞	O	O
叹	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
禽	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
专	O	O
卖	O	O
乌	O	O
骨	O	O
鸡	O	O
。	O	O
嘴	O	O
脸	O	O
乌	O	O
黑	O	O
、	O	O
羽	O	O
毛	O	O
洁	O	O
白	O	O
轻	O	O
柔	O	O
的	O	O
乌	O	O
骨	O	O
鸡	O	O
被	O	O
圈	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
只	O	O
铁	O	O
丝	O	O
笼	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
原	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
千	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
我	O	O
老	O	O
家	O	O
江	B	O
西	E	O
泰	B	O
和	E	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
我	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
就	O	O
吃	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
在	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
此	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
能	O	O
品	O	O
尝	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
美	O	O
食	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
我	O	O
又	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
在	O	O
异	O	O
地	O	O
繁	O	O
殖	O	O
乌	O	O
骨	O	O
鸡	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
产	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
不	O	O
就	O	O
小	O	O
了	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
土	O	O
和	O	O
饲	O	O
料	O	O
等	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
的	O	O
味	O	O
道	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
入	O	O
秋	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
生	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
妇	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
她	O	O
那	O	O
壮	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
麻	O	O
袋	O	O
还	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
泥	O	O
土	O	O
芳	O	O
香	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
生	O	O
倒	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
还	O	O
未	O	O
曾	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
花	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
都	O	O
饱	O	O
含	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
米	O	O
粒	O	O
，	O	O
招	O	O
人	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
妇	O	O
满	O	O
脸	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
她	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
人	O	O
连	O	O
连	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
随	O	O
便	O	O
挑	O	O
哇	O	O
，	O	O
咱	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
种	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
快	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
买	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
吃	O	O
个	O	O
鲜	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
她	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
说	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
还	O	O
帮	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
挑	O	O
选	O	O
哩	O	O
。	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
和	O	O
善	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
豁	O	O
达	O	O
开	O	O
朗	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
去	O	O
砍	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
首	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
冷	O	O
雪	O	O
里	O	O
吉	O	O
祥	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
贴	O	O
满	O	O
窗	O	O
户	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
片	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
响	O	O
攥	O	O
满	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
、	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
们	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
同	O	O
周	O	O
边	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
睦	O	O
邻	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
互	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
俄	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
和	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
同	O	O
南	B	B
非	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
实	O	O
现	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
还	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
了	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
洲	O	O
际	O	O
性	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
将	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
此	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
思	O	O
念	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
通	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
以	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
大	O	O
义	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
下	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
郑	O	O
重	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
元	O	O
月	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
华	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
荣	O	O
毅	O	O
仁	O	O
等	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
樊	O	O
如	O	O
钧	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
『	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
』	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
揽	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
建	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
成	O	O
思	O	O
危	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
了	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
联	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	M
特	M	M
别	M	M
行	M	M
政	M	M
区	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
、	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
、	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
和	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
侨	O	O
胞	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
诚	O	O
挚	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
敬	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
在	O	O
座	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
致	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
寒	O	O
峭	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
海	B	O
南	E	O
宝	O	O
岛	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
东	B	O
海	E	O
之	O	O
滨	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
莽	O	O
莽	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
边	O	O
陲	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
下	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	M
特	M	M
区	E	E
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
贺	O	O
年	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
嘹	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
隆	O	O
重	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
升	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
鲜	O	O
艳	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
星	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
在	O	O
布	B	B
达	M	M
拉	M	M
宫	M	E
广	M	O
场	E	O
上	O	O
冉	O	O
冉	O	O
升	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
雪	O	O
域	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
街	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
都	O	O
挂	O	O
起	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
星	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
条	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
彩	O	O
旗	O	O
翻	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
乐	O	O
声	O	O
悠	O	O
扬	O	O
。	O	O
承	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
报	O	O
国	O	O
志	O	O
做	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
栋	O	O
梁	O	O
材	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
宣	O	O
誓	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
我	O	O
驻	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
开	O	O
馆	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
揭	O	O
牌	O	O
并	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
恩	O	O
佐	O	O
在	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
南	O	O
非	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
馆	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
开	O	O
馆	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
“	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
性	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
顶	O	O
着	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
在	O	O
天	B	B
安	M	M
门	M	M
广	M	M
场	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
的	O	O
升	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
五	O	O
星	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
冉	O	O
冉	O	O
升	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
情	O	O
不	O	O
自	O	O
禁	O	O
地	O	O
唱	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
昌	O	O
盛	O	O
。	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
徐	O	O
有	O	O
芳	O	O
率	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
驱	O	O
车	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
里	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
华	O	O
安	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
原	O	O
华	O	O
安	O	O
厂	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
李	O	O
升	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
有	O	O
芳	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
升	O	O
已	O	O
患	O	O
脑	O	O
血	O	O
栓	O	O
瘫	O	O
痪	O	O
在	O	O
床	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
拮	O	O
据	O	O
。	O	O
徐	O	O
有	O	O
芳	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
李	O	O
升	O	O
的	O	O
床	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
金	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
南	B	O
京	E	O
：	O	O
给	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
：	O	O
多	O	O
管	O	O
齐	O	O
下	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
龚	O	O
雯	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
黄	B	B
浦	M	M
江	M	M
畔	E	E
的	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
明	O	O
珠	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
塔	O	O
前	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
非	O	O
凡	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
派	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
盛	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
华	O	O
夏	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
游	O	O
首	O	O
迎	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
隆	O	O
重	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
何	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
龚	O	O
学	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
近	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
欢	O	O
庆	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
如	O	O
常	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
蒸	O	O
蒸	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
录	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
成	O	O
功	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
央	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
及	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
传	O	O
媒	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
观	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
舆	O	O
论	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
社	O	O
论	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
成	O	O
就	O	O
斐	O	O
然	O	O
前	O	O
程	O	O
锦	O	O
绣	O	O
《	O	O
华	O	O
澳	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
引	O	O
述	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
中	O	O
葡	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
『	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
』	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
和	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
《	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
的	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
《	O	O
文	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
社	O	O
论	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
上	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
无	O	O
比	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
划	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
性	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
地	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
，	O	O
并	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
『	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
』	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
了	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
富	O	O
强	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
各	O	O
界	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
长	B	B
城	E	E
脚	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
纷	O	O
飞	O	O
的	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
晴	O	O
空	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
洒	O	O
遍	O	O
八	B	B
达	M	M
岭	E	E
起	O	O
伏	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
山	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
各	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
云	O	O
集	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
浩	O	O
浩	O	O
荡	O	O
荡	O	O
的	O	O
登	O	O
山	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
组	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
长	B	B
城	E	E
脚	O	O
下	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
长	B	B
城	E	E
高	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
烽	O	O
火	O	O
台	O	O
挺	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
老	O	O
年	O	O
长	O	O
跑	O	O
队	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
年	O	O
逾	O	O
古	O	O
稀	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
登	O	O
长	B	B
城	E	E
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
着	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
以	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
步	O	O
步	O	O
登	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
海	O	O
峡	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
汪	O	O
道	O	O
涵	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
号	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
祝	O	O
辞	O	O
。	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
事	O	O
早	O	O
耕	O	O
耘	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
仅	O	O
剩	O	O
下	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
和	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
愿	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
三	O	O
点	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
为	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
和	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
沟	O	O
通	O	O
与	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
厚	O	O
植	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
台	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
月	O	O
上	O	O
旬	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
将	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
金	O	O
泳	O	O
三	O	O
和	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
金	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
献	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
要	O	O
齐	O	O
心	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
金	O	O
泳	O	O
三	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
金	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
渡	O	O
过	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
印	B	B
度	M	M
尼	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
苏	O	O
哈	O	O
托	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
将	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
莫	B	B
桑	M	M
比	M	M
克	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
希	O	O
萨	O	O
诺	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
马	B	B
普	M	M
托	E	E
发	O	O
表	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
文	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
萨	O	O
诺	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
莫	O	O
桑	O	O
比	O	O
克	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
将	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
的	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
在	O	O
９	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
前	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
驻	O	O
阿	O	B
联	O	M
酋	O	M
使	O	M
馆	O	E
内	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
欢	O	O
声	O	O
笑	O	O
语	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
扎	O	O
耶	O	O
德	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
会	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
笑	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
遥	O	O
控	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
车	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
小	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
扎	O	O
耶	O	O
德	O	O
把	O	O
玩	O	O
具	O	O
抱	O	O
在	O	O
怀	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
摆	O	O
弄	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
手	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
把	O	O
大	O	O
苹	O	O
果	O	O
送	O	O
进	O	O
嘴	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
自	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
６	O	O
时	O	O
起	O	O
便	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
忙	O	O
碌	O	O
着	O	O
布	O	O
置	O	O
开	O	O
馆	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
国	O	O
徽	O	O
高	O	O
高	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
座	O	O
两	O	O
层	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
楼	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
之	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	B
华	O	M
人	O	M
民	O	M
共	O	M
和	O	M
国	O	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
开	O	O
馆	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
横	O	O
幅	O	O
赫	O	O
然	O	O
醒	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
排	O	O
排	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
被	O	O
布	O	O
置	O	O
在	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
搭	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
驻	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
首	O	O
任	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
王	O	O
学	O	O
贤	O	O
跑	O	O
前	O	O
跑	O	O
后	O	O
地	O	O
同	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
忙	O	O
碌	O	O
着	O	O
布	O	O
置	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
被	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
来	O	O
宾	O	O
请	O	O
去	O	O
合	O	O
影	O	O
留	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
建	O	O
交	O	O
是	O	O
令	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
礼	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
贺	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
如	O	O
雪	O	O
片	O	O
般	O	O
飞	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
常	O	O
驻	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
秦	O	O
华	O	O
孙	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
贺	O	O
电	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
值	O	O
此	O	O
中	O	O
南	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
曼	B	B
哈	M	M
顿	M	M
岛	E	E
遥	O	O
祝	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
局	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
到	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
约	B	B
翰	M	M
内	M	M
斯	M	M
堡	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
温	O	O
宪	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
建	O	O
立	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
，	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
华	O	O
人	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
阳	O	B
光	O	M
彩	O	M
虹	O	M
花	O	M
园	O	E
》	O	O
的	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
演	O	O
艺	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
华	O	O
人	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
和	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
演	O	O
艺	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
同	O	O
台	O	O
载	O	O
歌	O	O
载	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
建	O	O
交	O	O
后	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
秦	O	O
华	O	O
孙	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
任	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
积	O	O
极	O	O
、	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
争	O	O
端	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
动	O	O
辄	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
。	O	O
秦	O	O
华	O	O
孙	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
与	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
和	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
巴	B	B
基	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
新	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
宣	O	O
誓	O	O
就	O	O
职	O	O
赞	B	B
比	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
奇	O	O
卢	O	O
巴	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
令	O	O
释	O	O
放	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
被	O	O
拘	O	O
留	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
赞	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
党	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
卡	O	O
翁	O	O
达	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
软	O	O
禁	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
奇	O	O
卢	O	O
巴	O	O
在	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
府	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
时	O	O
当	O	O
场	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
把	O	O
被	O	O
拘	O	O
留	O	O
的	O	O
卡	O	O
翁	O	O
达	O	O
送	O	O
出	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
软	O	O
禁	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
卢	B	B
萨	M	M
卡	E	E
的	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
奇	O	O
卢	O	O
巴	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
在	O	O
软	O	O
禁	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
卡	O	O
翁	O	O
达	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
看	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
对	O	O
政	O	O
变	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
他	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
以	O	O
色	O	O
列	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
自	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
对	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
宽	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
以	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	B
色	O	M
列	O	E
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
从	O	O
巴	B	O
自	M	O
治	M	O
区	E	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
将	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
以	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
以	O	O
巴	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
瑞	B	O
士	E	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
冷	O	O
却	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
最	O	O
精	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
精	O	O
确	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
每	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
误	O	O
差	O	O
一	O	O
秒	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
冷	O	O
却	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
诺	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
奖	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
束	O	O
俘	O	O
获	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
以	O	O
减	O	O
缓	O	O
其	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
降	O	O
温	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
钟	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
度	O	O
比	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
十	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
性	O	O
贫	O	O
血	O	O
与	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
性	O	O
虚	O	O
脱	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
技	O	O
与	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
“	O	O
钻	O	O
牛	O	O
角	O	O
尖	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
窘	O	O
。	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
性	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
沉	O	O
稳	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
拘	O	O
泥	O	O
于	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
的	O	O
细	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
剖	O	O
析	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
意	O	O
于	O	O
生	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
追	O	O
寻	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
于	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
代	O	O
之	O	O
以	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
性	O	O
与	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
视	O	O
觉	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
性	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
乏	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
之	O	O
例	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
性	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
地	O	O
演	O	O
绎	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
之	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
史	O	O
诗	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
永	O	O
恒	O	O
性	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
美	O	O
学	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
军	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
既	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
与	O	O
死	O	O
板	O	O
的	O	O
痕	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
性	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
怀	O	O
与	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
斑	O	O
斓	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
纯	O	O
朴	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
交	O	O
融	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
交	O	O
融	O	O
则	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
于	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
与	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
千	O	O
锤	O	O
百	O	O
炼	O	O
。	O	O
油	O	O
画	O	O
《	O	O
检	O	O
阅	O	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
仅	O	O
九	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
动	O	O
则	O	O
多	O	O
达	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
呕	O	O
心	O	O
沥	O	O
血	O	O
之	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
才	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
恢	O	O
宏	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
与	O	O
震	O	O
撼	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
声	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
画	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
彦	O	O
）	O	O
孙	O	O
其	O	O
峰	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
现	O	O
任	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
美	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
名	O	O
誉	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
画	O	O
论	O	O
并	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
以	O	O
画	O	O
名	O	O
馨	O	O
著	O	O
。	O	O
孙	O	O
其	O	O
峰	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
与	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
大	O	O
纲	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
技	O	O
法	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
上	O	O
以	O	O
少	O	O
胜	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
即	O	O
从	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
少	O	O
量	O	O
有	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
共	O	O
性	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
多	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
画	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
、	O	O
芍	O	O
药	O	O
、	O	O
芙	O	O
蓉	O	O
、	O	O
扶	O	O
桑	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
选	O	O
有	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
先	O	O
画	O	O
好	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
则	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
即	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
刃	O	O
而	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
多	O	O
胜	O	O
少	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
对	O	O
画	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
务	O	O
必	O	O
学	O	O
精	O	O
学	O	O
透	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
在	O	O
画	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
时	O	O
能	O	O
用	O	O
较	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
举	O	O
一	O	O
反	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
触	O	O
类	O	O
旁	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
选	O	O
定	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
地	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
画	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
苦	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
悉	O	O
心	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
青	O	O
年	O	O
油	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
』	O	O
初	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
油	O	O
画	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
特	O	O
型	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
集	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
画	O	O
院	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	M
美	M	M
术	M	M
馆	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
幅	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
位	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
之	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
画	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
坚	O	O
守	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
学	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
傍	O	O
着	O	O
三	O	O
晋	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	E
腹	O	O
地	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
赡	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
沉	O	O
稳	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
视	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
心	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
着	O	O
并	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
着	O	O
对	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
觉	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
表	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
不	O	O
曾	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
失	O	O
之	O	O
空	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
纯	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
或	O	O
纯	O	O
抽	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
悟	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
淳	O	O
厚	O	O
质	O	O
朴	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
底	O	O
色	O	O
和	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
求	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
取	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
留	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
闻	O	O
力	O	O
）	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
黄	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
（	O	O
套	O	O
色	O	O
木	O	O
刻	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
曹	O	O
美	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
陈	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
）	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
是	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
将	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
使	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
千	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
万	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
获	O	O
益	O	O
颇	O	O
丰	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
始	O	O
起	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
卫	M	M
县	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
辣	O	O
椒	O	O
、	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
等	O	O
８	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
了	O	O
区	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
又	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
滞	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
缩	O	O
手	O	O
缩	O	O
脚	O	O
，	O	O
迟	O	O
迟	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
会	O	O
坐	O	O
失	O	O
良	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
农	O	O
业	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
在	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
低	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
向	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
新	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
业	O	O
等	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
中	B	B
卫	M	M
县	E	E
依	O	O
托	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
鸡	O	O
、	O	O
猪	O	O
的	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
量	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
只	O	O
和	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
养	O	O
鱼	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
达	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亩	O	O
。	O	O
蛋	O	O
、	O	O
肉	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
县	O	O
宣	B	B
和	M	M
镇	E	E
的	O	O
蛋	O	O
鸡	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
量	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
就	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
只	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
过	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
镇	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
访	O	O
孔	O	O
繁	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
润	O	O
五	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
恩	O	O
华	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
：	O	O
年	O	O
近	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
丁	O	O
玉	O	O
珍	O	O
和	O	O
胡	O	O
花	O	O
蕊	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
孔	O	O
玲	O	O
则	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
法	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
攻	O	O
读	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
部	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
相	O	O
聚	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
润	O	O
五	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
有	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
莫	O	O
大	O	O
欣	O	O
慰	O	O
。	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
更	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
润	O	O
五	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
却	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
无	O	O
微	O	O
不	O	O
至	O	O
地	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
丁	O	O
玉	O	O
珍	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O
夜	O	O
阑	O	O
人	O	O
静	O	O
。	O	O
孔	O	O
玲	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
丁	O	O
玉	O	O
珍	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
花	O	O
蕊	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
鸣	O	O
。	O	O
告	O	O
辞	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
三	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
代	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
致	O	O
意	O	O
、	O	O
问	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
逾	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
率	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
引	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
存	O	O
量	O	O
引	O	O
增	O	O
量	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
北	B	B
大	M	M
荒	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
项	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
荒	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
荒	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
荒	O	O
草	O	O
、	O	O
荒	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
荒	O	O
滩	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
包	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
省	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
及	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
客	O	O
商	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
科	O	O
教	O	O
文	O	O
卫	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
及	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
资	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
团	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
溧	B	B
水	M	M
县	E	E
柘	B	B
塘	M	M
镇	E	E
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
队	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
孙	O	O
参	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
成	O	O
为	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
莅	O	O
渝	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
猛	O	O
增	O	O
，	O	O
车	O	O
流	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
流	O	O
量	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
欠	O	O
账	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
硬	O	O
件	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
道	O	O
路	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
主	O	O
城	O	O
区	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
告	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
献	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
命	O	O
名	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
抗	M	M
日	M	M
战	M	M
争	M	M
纪	M	M
念	M	M
馆	E	E
、	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
西	B	B
湖	E	E
、	O	O
安	B	B
徽	E	E
黄	B	B
山	E	E
、	O	O
桂	B	B
林	E	E
漓	B	B
江	E	E
、	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	M
中	B	M
山	M	M
陵	E	E
、	O	O
厦	B	O
门	E	O
鼓	B	O
浪	M	O
屿	E	O
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
博	M	M
物	M	M
馆	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	M
滨	M	M
江	M	M
商	M	M
厦	E	E
、	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	M	M
中	M	M
央	M	M
大	M	M
街	E	E
、	O	O
济	B	B
南	M	M
植	M	M
物	M	M
园	E	E
共	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
景	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
『	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
还	O	O
命	O	O
名	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	M	M
中	M	M
央	M	M
大	M	M
街	E	E
为	O	O
『	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
号	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
街	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
『	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
献	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
』	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
和	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
号	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
周	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
巴	O	O
音	O	O
朝	O	O
鲁	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
大	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
金	O	O
龙	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
、	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
授	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
太	B	B
行	M	M
山	E	E
深	O	O
处	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
事	O	O
：	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
平	B	B
山	M	M
县	E	E
象	B	B
角	M	M
村	E	E
村	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
韩	O	O
保	O	O
深	O	O
及	O	O
县	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
村	O	O
边	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
亩	O	O
耕	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
：	O	O
祝	O	O
你	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
！	O	O
祝	O	O
你	O	O
生	O	O
日	O	O
愉	O	O
快	O	O
！	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
逢	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
亩	O	O
地	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
向	O	O
它	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
千	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
雅	O	O
乐	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
度	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
驾	O	O
车	O	O
在	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
的	O	O
几	O	O
条	O	O
主	O	O
干	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
缓	O	O
缓	O	O
行	O	O
驶	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
路	O	O
口	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
口	O	O
岸	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	B
场	O	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
眼	O	O
”	O	O
呈	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
默	O	O
默	O	O
地	O	O
注	O	O
视	O	O
着	O	O
潮	O	O
水	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
藏	O	O
文	O	O
古	O	O
代	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
在	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
籍	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
藏	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
本	O	O
《	O	O
德	O	O
吴	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
渊	O	O
流	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
历	O	O
代	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
选	O	O
编	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
典	O	O
籍	O	O
选	O	O
编	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
论	O	O
著	O	O
选	O	O
编	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
古	O	O
迹	O	O
选	O	O
编	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
简	O	O
明	O	O
通	O	O
史	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
性	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
县	O	O
市	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
（	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
（	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
柳	B	B
林	M	M
县	E	E
下	B	B
三	M	M
交	M	M
镇	E	E
坪	B	B
上	M	M
村	E	E
原	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
难	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
瘫	O	O
痪	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
元	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
名	O	O
已	O	O
婚	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
半	O	O
数	O	O
多	O	O
超	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
刘	O	O
步	O	O
飞	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
只	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
女	O	O
孩	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
放	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
补	O	O
助	O	O
费	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
给	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
垫	O	O
支	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
兴	O	O
修	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
、	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
浇	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
少	O	O
生	O	O
快	O	O
富	O	O
甜	O	O
蜜	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
由	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
户	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
贫	O	O
瘠	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
挣	O	O
一	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
坪	B	O
上	M	O
村	E	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
却	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
跃	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
被	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
村	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
步	O	O
飞	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
山	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
少	O	O
生	O	O
快	O	O
富	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
中	O	O
融	O	O
入	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
两	O	O
亩	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
两	O	O
亩	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
林	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
署	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
下	O	O
治	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
田	O	O
、	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
种	O	O
树	O	O
、	O	O
修	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
山	O	O
水	O	O
田	O	O
林	O	O
路	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
同	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
户	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
汾	B	O
阳	E	O
、	O	O
临	B	B
县	E	E
、	O	O
中	B	B
阳	E	E
、	O	O
兴	B	B
县	E	E
等	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
独	O	O
生	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
户	O	O
、	O	O
双	O	O
女	O	O
结	O	O
扎	O	O
户	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
机	O	O
修	O	O
梯	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
户	O	O
两	O	O
亩	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
和	O	O
两	O	O
亩	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
林	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
近	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
阳	O	O
坡	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
多	O	O
分	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
兴	B	B
县	E	E
水	B	B
江	M	M
头	M	M
村	E	E
由	O	O
于	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
无	O	O
多	O	O
孩	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
给	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
修	O	O
通	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
人	O	O
畜	O	O
饮	O	O
水	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
林	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
出	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
林	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
占	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
视	O	O
察	O	O
吕	B	B
梁	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
时	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
吕	B	O
梁	E	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
和	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
烽	O	O
、	O	O
西	O	O
戎	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
吕	B	O
梁	E	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
传	O	O
》	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
取	O	O
材	O	O
于	O	O
吕	B	O
梁	E	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
吕	B	O
梁	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
谱	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
传	O	O
。	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	M
市	O	E
长	O	B
宁	O	M
区	O	E
双	O	B
泾	O	M
村	O	E
前	O	O
巷	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
洁	O	O
净	O	O
的	O	O
柏	O	O
油	O	O
马	O	O
路	O	O
曲	O	O
径	O	O
通	O	O
幽	O	O
；	O	O
房	O	O
前	O	O
屋	O	O
后	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
是	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
绿	O	O
叶	O	O
；	O	O
清	O	O
澈	O	O
的	O	O
池	O	O
塘	O	O
里	O	O
游	O	O
鱼	O	O
可	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
手	O	O
推	O	O
开	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
家	O	O
虚	O	O
掩	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
的	O	O
庭	O	O
院	O	O
里	O	O
摆	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
常	O	O
绿	O	O
的	O	O
盆	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
人	O	O
蕉	O	O
、	O	O
月	O	O
季	O	O
花	O	O
点	O	O
染	O	O
着	O	O
寂	O	O
静	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
灶	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
客	O	O
堂	O	O
收	O	O
拾	O	O
得	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
尘	O	O
不	O	O
染	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
双	B	B
泾	M	M
村	E	E
的	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
双	B	O
泾	E	O
，	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
整	O	O
洁	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
浜	O	O
变	O	O
清	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
邻	O	O
里	O	O
和	O	O
睦	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
墙	O	O
上	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
双	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
德	O	O
四	O	O
海	O	O
扬	O	O
；	O	O
善	O	O
小	O	O
莫	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
溪	O	O
流	O	O
汇	O	O
大	O	O
江	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
邻	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
汤	O	O
更	O	O
浪	O	O
队	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
患	O	O
了	O	O
白	O	O
血	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
子	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
治	O	O
病	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
助	O	O
学	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
在	O	O
校	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
觉	O	O
悟	O	O
和	O	O
情	O	O
操	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
环	O	O
线	O	O
动	O	O
迁	O	O
组	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
双	B	O
泾	E	O
召	O	O
集	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
开	O	O
完	O	O
动	O	O
迁	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
户	O	O
动	O	O
迁	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
３	O	O
天	O	O
内	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
签	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
天	O	O
内	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
搬	O	O
迁	O	O
完	O	O
毕	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
双	B	O
泾	E	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
庄	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
南	B	B
宁	E	E
近	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
冬	O	O
泳	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
冒	O	O
雨	O	O
横	O	O
渡	O	O
邕	B	O
江	E	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
天	O	O
湖	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
受	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
中	O	O
下	O	O
游	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
以	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
―	O	O
６	O	O
级	O	O
偏	O	O
北	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
南	O	O
部	O	O
海	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
６	O	O
―	O	O
８	O	O
级	O	O
偏	O	O
北	O	O
风	O	O
；	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
前	O	O
锋	O	O
过	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
和	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
将	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
５	O	O
―	O	O
８	O	O
℃	O	O
；	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
东	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
淮	O	O
、	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
、	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
大	O	O
部	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
的	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
雨	O	O
。	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	B
疆	O	E
吐	O	B
鲁	O	M
番	O	M
乌	O	M
鲁	O	M
木	O	M
齐	O	E
大	O	O
黄	O	O
山	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
全	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
概	O	O
算	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
世	O	O
行	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
吐	O	O
乌	O	O
大	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
线	O	O
已	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
土	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
按	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
伊	O	O
尔	O	O
―	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
全	O	O
载	O	O
起	O	O
飞	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
场	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
围	O	O
场	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
围	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
消	O	O
防	O	O
给	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
导	O	O
航	O	O
等	O	O
７	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
审	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
。	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
跑	O	O
道	O	O
全	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
起	O	O
降	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
陈	O	O
晓	O	O
颜	O	O
赵	O	O
玉	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
由	O	O
福	O	O
建	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
收	O	O
复	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
这	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
郑	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
属	O	O
下	O	O
施	O	O
琅	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
既	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
又	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
对	O	O
黎	B	B
巴	M	M
嫩	E	E
、	O	O
叙	B	B
利	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
、	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
、	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
和	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
经	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
到	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
。	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
书	O	O
局	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
活	O	O
页	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
全	O	O
面	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
党	O	O
报	O	O
党	O	O
刊	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
祝	O	O
谦	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
束	O	O
束	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
而	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
。	O	O
机	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
启	O	O
彬	O	O
手	O	O
捧	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
从	O	O
‘	O	O
０	O	O
’	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
是	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
八	O	O
一	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
队	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
六	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
少	O	O
奇	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
首	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
检	O	O
阅	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
牢	O	O
记	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
蓝	O	O
天	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
壮	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
篇	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
为	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
一	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
百	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
誉	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
队	O	O
荣	O	O
立	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
嘉	O	O
奖	O	O
四	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
队	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
功	O	O
臣	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
透	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
『	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
『	O	O
威	O	O
武	O	O
之	O	O
师	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
之	O	O
师	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
锡	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
迭	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
与	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
额	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
至	O	O
第	O	O
七	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
为	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
、	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
虽	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
并	O	O
购	O	O
案	O	O
仅	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
购	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
也	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
远	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
。	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
新	O	O
年	O	O
桌	O	O
边	O	O
添	O	O
餐	O	O
椅	O	O
有	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
请	O	O
无	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
亮	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
又	O	O
席	O	O
卷	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
灾	O	O
难	O	O
临	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
经	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
富	O	O
国	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
忍	O	O
痛	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
求	O	O
援	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
多	O	O
达	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
有	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
还	O	O
答	O	O
应	O	O
同	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
再	O	O
设	O	O
“	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
道	O	O
防	O	O
线	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
背	O	O
着	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
偿	O	O
债	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
燃	O	O
眉	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
向	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
输	O	O
送	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
７	O	O
国	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
瑞	B	O
士	E	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
聚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
商	O	O
援	O	O
韩	O	O
事	O	O
宜	O	O
。	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
提	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	O
国	E	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
是	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
东	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
牵	O	O
头	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
向	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
清	O	O
偿	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
也	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
和	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
显	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
比	O	O
原	O	O
先	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
华	B	B
尔	M	M
街	E	E
的	O	O
道	O	O
―	O	O
琼	O	O
斯	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
就	O	O
狂	O	O
跌	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
对	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
后	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
帮	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
克	O	O
服	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
和	O	O
间	O	O
接	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
就	O	O
非	O	O
同	O	O
小	O	O
可	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
损	O	O
及	O	O
它	O	O
在	O	O
朝	B	B
鲜	M	M
半	M	M
岛	E	E
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
给	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
难	O	O
保	O	O
的	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
雪	O	O
上	O	O
加	O	O
霜	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
堪	O	O
设	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
驱	O	O
使	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
更	O	O
弦	O	O
易	O	O
辙	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
而	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
渥	B	B
太	M	M
华	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
邹	O	O
德	O	O
浩	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
无	O	O
主	O	O
户	O	O
头	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
拿	O	O
大	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
全	O	O
加	O	O
各	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
没	O	O
收	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
无	O	O
主	O	O
户	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
上	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
就	O	O
以	O	O
军	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
妥	O	O
协	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
改	O	O
值	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
俄	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
票	O	O
面	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
和	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
》	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
币	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
和	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
５	O	O
种	O	O
纸	O	O
币	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
戈	O	O
比	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
７	O	O
种	O	O
硬	O	O
币	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	O
榭	M	O
大	M	O
街	E	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
夜	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
停	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
步	O	O
行	O	O
挤	O	O
入	O	O
香	B	B
榭	M	M
丽	M	M
舍	M	M
大	M	M
街	E	E
的	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
条	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
宽	O	O
逾	O	O
百	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
挤	O	O
得	O	O
水	O	O
泄	O	O
不	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
午	O	O
夜	O	O
钟	O	O
声	O	O
一	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
约	O	O
而	O	O
同	O	O
地	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
香	O	O
槟	O	O
，	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
寒	O	O
气	O	O
袭	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
致	O	O
丝	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
减	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
群	O	O
欢	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
说	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
玩	O	O
到	O	O
天	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
维	B	O
也	M	O
纳	E	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
曲	O	O
目	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
体	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
会	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
久	O	O
不	O	O
衰	O	O
？	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
实	O	O
况	O	O
转	O	O
播	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
人	O	O
同	O	O
赏	O	O
？	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
粹	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
、	O	O
演	O	O
奏	O	O
、	O	O
伴	O	O
唱	O	O
和	O	O
伴	O	O
舞	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
会	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
墨	O	B
西	O	M
哥	O	E
全	O	O
国	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
喷	O	O
发	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
伴	O	O
有	O	O
轻	O	O
度	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
。	O	O
火	O	O
山	O	O
喷	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
少	O	O
量	O	O
炽	O	O
热	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
山	O	O
脚	O	O
下	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
小	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
起	O	O
火	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
马	B	B
那	M	M
瓜	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
喻	O	O
广	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
尼	O	B
加	O	M
拉	O	M
瓜	O	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
尼	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
“	O	O
安	O	O
德	O	O
烈	O	O
斯	O	O
・	O	O
卡	O	O
斯	O	O
特	O	O
罗	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
阵	O	O
线	O	O
”	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
交	O	O
出	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O
至	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
尼	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
战	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
拿	O	O
起	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
都	O	O
已	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
遣	O	O
散	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
的	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
伤	O	O
亡	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
受	O	O
伤	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
家	O	O
可	O	O
归	O	O
。	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
摧	O	O
毁	O	O
了	O	O
阿	B	B
西	M	M
西	M	M
城	E	E
。	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
西	B	B
藏	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
最	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
烟	O	O
稀	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
伤	O	O
亡	O	O
很	O	O
小	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
自	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
了	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
德	O	B
国	O	E
邮	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
的	O	O
邮	O	O
政	O	O
总	O	O
局	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
业	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
仍	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
套	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
使	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
英	O	B
国	O	E
气	O	O
象	O	O
局	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
全	O	O
年	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
热	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
份	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
早	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
翻	O	O
读	O	O
由	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
新	O	O
近	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
历	O	O
代	O	O
智	O	O
囊	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
漾	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
激	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
智	O	O
囊	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
谋	O	O
略	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
是	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
被	O	O
后	O	O
人	O	O
奉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
兵	O	O
圣	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
孙	O	O
子	O	O
兵	O	O
法	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
谋	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
地	O	O
集	O	O
合	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
家	O	O
及	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
兵	O	O
学	O	O
之	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
的	O	O
兵	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
法	O	O
上	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
着	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
与	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
谋	O	O
略	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
为	O	O
后	O	O
世	O	O
的	O	O
兵	O	O
学	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
了	O	O
先	O	O
河	O	O
。	O	O
史	O	O
籍	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
史	O	O
籍	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
。	O	O
叙	O	O
述	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
史	O	O
籍	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
须	O	O
臾	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
淡	O	O
忘	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
群	O	O
体	O	O
若	O	O
无	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
趋	O	O
于	O	O
没	O	O
落	O	O
和	O	O
灭	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O
清	O	O
代	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
章	O	O
学	O	O
诚	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
灭	O	O
人	O	O
国	O	O
者	O	O
必	O	O
先	O	O
亡	O	O
其	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
有	O	O
史	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
莫	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
悲	O	O
哀	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
恰	O	O
恰	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
战	O	O
火	O	O
硝	O	O
烟	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
升	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
已	O	O
渐	O	O
渐	O	O
淡	O	O
忘	O	O
了	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
血	O	O
与	O	O
火	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
；	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
在	O	O
蜜	O	O
罐	O	O
里	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
重	O	O
苦	O	O
难	O	O
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
所	O	O
知	O	O
甚	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
古	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
“	O	O
左	O	O
图	O	O
右	O	O
史	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
用	O	O
直	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
像	O	O
来	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
描	O	O
述	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
学	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
与	O	O
图	O	O
像	O	O
并	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
便	O	O
齐	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
与	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
有	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
两	O	O
者	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
仍	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
和	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
与	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
轻	O	O
易	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
融	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
大	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
博	O	O
物	O	O
馆	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
是	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
雨	O	O
滴	O	O
落	O	O
海	O	O
声	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
读	O	O
《	O	O
往	O	O
事	O	O
知	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
》	O	O
张	O	O
安	O	O
惠	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
奋	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
早	O	O
年	O	O
身	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
来	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
情	O	O
与	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
她	O	O
从	O	O
僵	O	O
硬	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
与	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
的	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
下	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
解	O	O
脱	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
与	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
尺	O	O
寸	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
忠	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
初	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
遮	O	O
掩	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
拔	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
身	O	O
为	O	O
抗	O	O
战	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
合	B	B
江	M	M
县	E	E
县	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
贫	O	O
病	O	O
而	O	O
死	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
在	O	O
饥	O	O
饿	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
挣	O	O
扎	O	O
；	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
无	O	O
党	O	O
无	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
女	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
近	O	O
乎	O	O
圣	O	O
洁	O	O
地	O	O
笃	O	O
信	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
救	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
里	O	O
同	O	O
宿	O	O
舍	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
与	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
怜	O	O
恤	O	O
她	O	O
那	O	O
无	O	O
处	O	O
可	O	O
去	O	O
、	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
挤	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
宿	O	O
舍	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
弟	O	O
弟	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
她	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
写	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
初	O	O
她	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
地	O	O
被	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
地	O	O
切	O	O
断	O	O
了	O	O
与	O	O
出	O	O
身	O	O
或	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
成	O	O
份	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
纯	O	O
洁	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
友	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
招	O	O
收	O	O
她	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
女	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
给	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
无	O	O
暇	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
“	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
友	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
；	O	O
她	O	O
写	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
与	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
高	O	O
丽	O	O
生	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
还	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
爱	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
磨	O	O
合	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
美	O	O
满	O	O
姻	O	O
缘	O	O
；	O	O
高	O	O
丽	O	O
生	O	O
从	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
按	O	O
时	O	O
寄	O	O
些	O	O
钱	O	O
补	O	O
助	O	O
她	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
妹	O	O
妹	O	O
，	O	O
妹	O	O
妹	O	O
却	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
反	O	O
”	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
写	O	O
信	O	O
揭	O	O
发	O	O
姐	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
寄	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
可	O	O
疑	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
坦	O	O
率	O	O
地	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
长	O	O
康	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
该	O	O
人	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
平	O	O
易	O	O
近	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
万	O	O
万	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
革	O	O
”	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
康	O	O
生	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
罗	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
反	O	O
党	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
反	O	O
党	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
《	O	O
刘	O	O
志	O	O
丹	O	O
》	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
摘	O	O
登	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
丽	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
劫	O	O
难	O	O
逃	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
被	O	O
摧	O	O
残	O	O
致	O	O
死	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
家	O	O
破	O	O
人	O	O
亡	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
安	O	O
惠	O	O
凭	O	O
着	O	O
信	O	O
念	O	O
与	O	O
倔	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
正	O	O
直	O	O
而	O	O
善	O	O
良	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
挺	O	O
了	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
曾	O	O
敏	O	O
之	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
华	O	O
文	O	O
女	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
传	O	O
记	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
可	O	O
供	O	O
佐	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
含	O	O
糊	O	O
地	O	O
记	O	O
载	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
路	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
所	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
千	O	O
山	O	O
万	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
跋	O	O
涉	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
缔	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
所	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
与	O	O
集	O	O
会	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
野	O	O
火	O	O
烧	O	O
不	O	O
尽	O	O
，	O	O
旋	O	O
风	O	O
席	O	O
卷	O	O
台	O	O
澎	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
，	O	O
却	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
性	O	O
而	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
言	O	O
倦	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
《	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
华	O	O
文	O	O
女	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
由	O	O
江	O	O
西	O	O
百	O	O
花	O	O
洲	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
）	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
曾	O	O
耳	O	O
闻	O	O
“	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
热	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
情	O	O
形	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
？	O	O
未	O	O
曾	O	O
详	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
必	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
不	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
寂	O	O
寞	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
以	O	O
有	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
名	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
、	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
及	O	O
书	O	O
系	O	O
频	O	O
频	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
自	O	O
审	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
缘	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
读	O	O
《	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
：	O	O
川	O	O
籍	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
文	O	O
丛	O	O
》	O	O
川	O	O
籍	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
域	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
，	O	O
受	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
于	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
，	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
蕴	O	O
藉	O	O
沉	O	O
郁	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
山	O	O
川	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
及	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
始	O	O
与	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
有	O	O
着	O	O
千	O	O
丝	O	O
万	O	O
缕	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
从	O	O
瑞	B	O
士	E	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
家	O	O
基	O	O
伦	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
《	O	O
论	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
地	O	O
缘	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
学	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
对	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
界	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
局	O	O
限	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
以	O	O
地	O	O
域	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
素	O	O
养	O	O
和	O	O
表	O	O
述	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
许	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
域	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
当	O	O
亦	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
读	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
《	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
沙	O	O
漠	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
》	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
百	O	O
家	O	O
》	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
部	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
按	O	O
：	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
刊	O	O
发	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
多	O	O
金	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
身	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
湖	O	B
州	O	E
练	O	O
市	O	O
针	O	O
织	O	O
制	O	O
衣	O	O
厂	O	O
已	O	O
濒	O	O
临	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
厂	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
涣	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
仓	O	O
库	O	O
低	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
滞	O	O
销	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
频	O	O
频	O	O
催	O	O
还	O	O
的	O	O
逾	O	O
期	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
和	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
巴	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
补	O	O
发	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
运	O	O
河	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
做	O	O
“	O	O
破	O	O
船	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
针	O	O
织	O	O
制	O	O
衣	O	O
厂	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
当	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
深	O	O
知	O	O
：	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
办	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
正	O	O
规	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
者	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
者	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
便	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
抓	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
精	O	O
简	O	O
厂	O	O
部	O	O
２	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
首	O	O
当	O	O
其	O	O
冲	O	O
者	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
妹	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
气	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
找	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
姑	O	O
妈	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
我	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
万	O	O
望	O	O
您	O	O
老	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
姑	O	O
妈	O	O
听	O	O
罢	O	O
掉	O	O
头	O	O
就	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
表	O	O
妹	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
来	O	O
厂	O	O
里	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
举	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
厂	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
赞	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
就	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
盘	O	O
算	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
“	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
舰	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
论	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
机	O	O
立	O	O
断	O	O
：	O	O
针	O	O
织	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
丝	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
织	O	O
造	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
砂	O	O
洗	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
衣	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
茶	O	O
色	O	O
素	O	O
厂	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
从	O	O
快	O	O
上	O	O
马	O	O
！	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
丝	O	O
都	O	O
湖	B	B
州	E	E
传	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
性	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
头	O	O
号	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
布	O	O
厂	O	O
被	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
依	O	O
多	O	O
金	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
垫	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
布	O	O
厂	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
欠	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
秋	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
总	O	O
又	O	O
给	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
月	O	O
饼	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
老	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
：	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
能	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
苦	O	O
再	O	O
累	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
都	O	O
愿	O	O
干	O	O
！	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
退	O	O
伍	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
坎	O	O
坷	O	O
，	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
着	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
锲	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
舍	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
往	O	O
直	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
概	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
闯	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
也	O	O
正	O	O
因	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
与	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
难	O	O
解	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
请	O	O
求	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
里	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
层	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
“	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
本	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
适	O	O
龄	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
服	O	O
兵	O	O
役	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
征	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
役	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
省	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
《	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
读	O	O
本	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
把	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
奖	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
湖	O	B
州	O	M
市	O	E
少	O	O
年	O	O
军	O	O
校	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
盛	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
中	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
名	O	O
从	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
中	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
转	O	O
业	O	O
退	O	O
伍	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
给	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
役	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
勉	O	O
励	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
安	O	O
心	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
功	O	O
立	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
时	O	O
值	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
风	O	O
和	O	O
日	O	O
丽	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
初	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
沂	B	B
蒙	E	M
山	O	M
区	O	E
大	B	B
田	M	M
庄	M	M
乡	E	E
。	O	O
山	O	O
沟	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
大	O	O
山	O	O
沟	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
拱	O	O
坝	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
自	O	O
下	O	O
而	O	O
上	O	O
横	O	O
卧	O	O
山	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
拱	O	O
坝	O	O
内	O	O
蓄	O	O
满	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
照	O	O
射	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
冰	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
面	O	O
镜	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
乡	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
刘	O	O
盛	O	O
威	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
多	O	O
雨	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
儿	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
拱	O	O
坝	O	O
内	O	O
水	O	O
满	O	O
外	O	O
泄	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
条	O	O
小	O	O
瀑	O	O
布	O	O
挂	O	O
山	O	O
沟	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
费	B	B
县	E	E
作	O	O
为	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
位	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
九	O	O
旱	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
脉	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
费	B	B
县	E	E
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
就	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
费	B	B
县	E	E
又	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
仍	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
１	O	O
亩	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
托	O	O
底	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
农	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
各	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
对	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
摸	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
摸	O	O
清	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
底	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
大	B	B
田	M	M
庄	M	M
乡	E	E
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
例	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
五	O	O
条	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
、	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
防	O	O
汛	O	O
保	O	O
安	O	O
、	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
费	O	O
收	O	O
取	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
变	O	O
更	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
用	O	O
途	O	O
；	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
拦	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
蓄	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
种	O	O
田	O	O
；	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
蓄	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
水	O	O
养	O	O
鱼	O	O
；	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
霸	O	O
水	O	O
哄	O	O
抬	O	O
水	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
凡	O	O
户	O	O
办	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
由	O	O
村	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
和	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
测	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
后	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
户	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
都	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
县	O	O
乡	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
户	O	O
或	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
户	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
五	O	O
是	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
滚	O	O
动	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
率	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
费	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
。	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
谁	O	O
建	O	O
谁	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
谁	O	O
有	O	O
谁	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
只	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
的	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
谁	O	O
付	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
付	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	O
冶	M	O
镇	E	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
全	O	O
镇	O	O
秋	O	O
种	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
旱	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
仅	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
亩	O	O
水	O	O
费	O	O
由	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
元	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
元	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
”	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
。	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
”	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
称	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
”	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
爷	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
称	O	O
谓	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
堪	O	O
忧	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
称	O	O
谓	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
际	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
混	O	O
称	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
称	O	O
谓	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
标	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
深	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
岂	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
类	O	O
可	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
？	O	O
冬	O	O
寒	O	O
爱	O	O
意	O	O
浓	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
东	B	B
城	M	M
区	E	E
、	O	O
朝	B	B
阳	M	M
区	E	E
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
秧	O	O
歌	O	O
队	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
协	O	O
和	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
同	O	O
仁	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
东	O	O
直	O	O
门	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
分	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
测	O	O
量	O	O
血	O	O
压	O	O
、	O	O
乳	O	O
透	O	O
、	O	O
血	O	O
糖	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
测	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
骨	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
等	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
项	O	O
义	O	O
诊	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
们	O	O
排	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
义	O	O
诊	O	O
。	O	O
队	O	O
列	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
白	O	O
发	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
地	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
尊	O	O
老	O	O
爱	O	O
幼	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
美	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
义	O	O
诊	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
真	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
婚	O	O
姻	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
病	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
还	O	O
就	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
病	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
讲	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
办	O	O
沼	O	O
气	O	O
为	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
以	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
为	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
又	O	O
把	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
数	O	O
县	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
请	O	O
到	O	O
恭	B	B
城	E	E
学	O	O
习	O	O
观	O	O
摩	O	O
。	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
办	O	O
沼	O	O
气	O	O
为	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
恭	B	O
城	E	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
：	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
扎	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
“	O	O
闹	O	O
”	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
村	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
县	O	O
”	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
博	B	B
爱	M	M
县	E	E
的	O	O
焦	B	B
作	M	M
市	E	E
农	O	O
业	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
亩	O	O
的	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
温	O	O
棚	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
各	O	O
是	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
座	O	O
钢	O	O
架	O	O
砖	O	O
墙	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
温	O	O
棚	O	O
和	O	O
钢	O	O
架	O	O
拱	O	O
棚	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
雨	O	O
雪	O	O
把	O	O
整	O	O
箱	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
装	O	O
车	O	O
外	O	O
运	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
孝	B	O
敬	M	O
乡	E	O
的	O	O
焦	B	B
作	M	M
市	E	E
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
条	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
路	O	O
使	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
的	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
可	O	O
产	O	O
鲜	O	O
菜	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
。	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
武	B	B
陟	M	M
县	E	E
黄	B	B
河	E	E
岸	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
近	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
观	O	O
光	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
待	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
可	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
粮	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
和	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
焦	B	O
作	E	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
来	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
贵	B	B
阳	E	E
：	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
金	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
，	O	O
云	B	B
岩	M	M
区	E	E
在	O	O
繁	O	B
华	O	M
街	O	M
区	O	E
为	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
辟	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
夜	O	O
市	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
谋	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
节	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
省	O	B
展	O	M
览	O	M
馆	O	E
等	O	O
年	O	O
货	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
个	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
孙	O	O
文	O	O
盛	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
要	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
强	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
职	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
发	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
伤	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
更	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
董	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
已	O	O
指	O	O
定	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
会	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
分	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
界	O	O
别	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
鹤	B	B
山	M	M
市	E	E
累	O	O
计	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
百	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
大	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
毛	O	O
毯	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
美	O	O
雅	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
；	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
鹤	B	B
山	E	E
食	O	O
品	O	O
城	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
崛	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
利	O	O
丰	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
成	B	B
都	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
茂	O	O
城	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
裕	O	O
国	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
到	O	O
成	B	B
都	E	E
做	O	O
客	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
宾	O	O
无	O	O
不	O	O
赞	O	O
叹	O	O
：	O	O
成	B	O
都	E	O
市	O	O
容	O	O
整	O	O
洁	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
整	O	O
洁	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
；	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
则	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
：	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
佳	O	O
音	O	O
频	O	O
传	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
共	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
小	O	O
项	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
越	O	O
共	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
四	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
越	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
报	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
社	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
越	O	O
共	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
民	O	O
富	O	O
国	O	O
强	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
开	O	O
展	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
目	O	O
击	O	O
者	O	O
“	O	O
运	B	O
河	E	O
”	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
卫	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
从	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
对	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
射	O	O
来	O	O
两	O	O
枚	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
炮	O	O
弹	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
在	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
物	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
门	O	O
窗	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
被	O	O
震	O	O
碎	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
驻	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
场	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
。	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
开	O	O
门	O	O
红	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
再	O	O
跌	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
雅	B	B
加	M	M
达	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
比	O	O
价	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
菲	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
索	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
肯	B	O
尼	M	O
亚	E	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
向	O	O
往	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
出	O	O
内	B	B
罗	M	M
毕	E	M
机	O	M
场	O	E
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
找	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
吉	O	O
普	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
奔	O	O
东	B	B
非	E	E
大	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
东	B	B
非	E	E
大	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
和	O	O
壮	O	O
丽	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
文	O	O
人	O	O
学	O	O
士	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
足	O	O
迹	O	O
。	O	O
丹	B	B
麦	E	E
作	O	O
家	O	O
卡	O	O
伦	O	O
・	O	O
布	O	O
里	O	O
克	O	O
森	O	O
曾	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
华	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
部	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
》	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
她	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
么	O	O
热	O	O
爱	O	O
这	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
颈	O	O
鹿	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
被	O	O
描	O	O
写	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
之	O	O
花	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
成	O	O
群	O	O
结	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
颈	O	O
鹿	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
朵	O	O
朵	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
上	O	O
飘	O	O
移	O	O
不	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
斑	O	O
斓	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O
海	O	O
明	O	O
威	O	O
也	O	O
曾	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
大	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
曾	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
从	O	O
坠	O	O
机	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
里	O	O
脱	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
写	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
的	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
群	O	O
山	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
描	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
连	O	O
肯	B	B
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
人	O	O
都	O	O
称	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
海	O	O
明	O	O
威	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
川	O	O
风	O	O
物	O	O
为	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
向	O	O
往	O	O
。	O	O
众	O	O
所	O	O
周	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
纳	O	O
粹	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
入	O	O
侵	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
后	O	O
，	O	O
贝	O	O
当	O	O
与	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
者	O	O
“	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
偏	O	O
安	O	O
一	O	O
隅	O	O
的	O	O
维	O	O
希	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
为	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
存	O	O
活	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
助	O	O
纣	O	O
为	O	O
虐	O	O
的	O	O
勾	O	O
当	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
将	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
犹	O	O
太	O	O
人	O	O
遣	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
贝	O	O
当	O	O
等	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
头	O	O
面	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
希	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
加	O	O
甄	O	O
别	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
头	O	O
换	O	O
面	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
帕	O	O
蓬	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O
维	O	O
希	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
犯	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
未	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
遑	O	O
论	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
希	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
贝	O	O
当	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
都	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
难	O	O
免	O	O
有	O	O
黑	O	O
暗	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
瞬	O	O
。	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
正	O	O
视	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
弱	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
明	O	O
智	O	O
之	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
前	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
勃	O	O
兰	O	O
特	O	O
凭	O	O
吊	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
死	O	O
难	O	O
犹	O	O
太	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
亡	O	O
灵	O	O
时	O	O
长	O	O
跪	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
受	O	O
过	O	O
德	B	O
国	E	O
法	O	O
西	O	O
斯	O	O
迫	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
德	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
反	O	O
思	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
了	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
仇	O	O
恨	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
大	O	O
文	O	O
豪	O	O
雨	O	O
果	O	O
曾	O	O
怒	O	O
斥	O	O
英	O	O
法	O	O
联	O	O
军	O	O
火	O	O
烧	O	O
圆	B	O
明	M	O
园	E	O
的	O	O
暴	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
强	O	O
盗	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
英	B	O
吉	M	O
利	E	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
法	B	B
兰	M	M
西	E	E
，	O	O
纵	O	O
火	O	O
焚	O	O
毁	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
瑰	O	O
宝	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
劫	O	O
掠	O	O
一	O	O
空	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
雨	O	O
果	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
家	O	O
喻	O	O
户	O	O
晓	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
所	O	O
敬	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
郊	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
称	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
竟	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
。	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
坦	M	M
布	M	M
尔	E	E
是	O	O
座	O	O
山	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
海	O	O
峡	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
水	O	O
道	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
三	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
忽	O	O
高	O	O
忽	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
处	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
大	O	O
石	O	O
块	O	O
筑	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
架	O	O
式	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
坦	M	M
布	M	M
尔	E	E
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
石	O	O
材	O	O
都	O	O
用	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
盖	O	O
过	O	O
王	O	O
宫	O	O
，	O	O
盖	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
，	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
时	O	O
时	O	O
撞	O	O
击	O	O
游	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
视	O	O
觉	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
坦	M	M
布	M	M
尔	E	E
，	O	O
脑	O	O
海	O	O
里	O	O
浮	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
。	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
督	O	O
教	O	O
教	O	O
堂	O	O
比	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
坦	M	M
布	M	M
尔	E	E
的	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
更	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
宏	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
线	O	O
条	O	O
明	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
教	O	O
堂	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
工	O	O
细	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
装	O	O
饰	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
教	O	O
堂	O	O
从	O	O
罗	O	O
马	O	O
式	O	O
到	O	O
哥	O	O
特	O	O
式	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
举	O	O
架	O	O
高	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
忏	O	O
悔	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
隔	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
布	O	O
道	O	O
台	O	O
、	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
管	O	O
风	O	O
琴	O	O
，	O	O
彩	O	O
绘	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
上	O	O
则	O	O
描	O	O
述	O	O
圣	O	O
经	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
教	O	O
堂	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
督	O	O
教	O	O
教	O	O
堂	O	O
雕	O	O
刻	O	O
甚	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
叠	O	O
叠	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
浑	O	O
圆	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
空	O	O
空	O	O
荡	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
粗	O	O
犷	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
。	O	O
海	O	O
湾	O	O
沙	O	O
漠	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
珠	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
科	B	B
威	M	M
特	E	E
，	O	O
其	O	O
富	O	O
庶	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
诸	O	O
国	O	O
可	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
冒	O	O
尖	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
萨	B	B
尔	M	M
瓦	M	M
区	E	E
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
是	O	O
三	O	O
四	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
的	O	O
别	O	O
墅	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
雇	O	O
有	O	O
佣	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
墅	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
车	O	O
棚	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
奔	O	O
驰	O	O
、	O	O
凌	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
皇	O	O
冠	O	O
、	O	O
卡	O	O
迪	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
、	O	O
雪	O	O
佛	O	O
莱	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
奇	O	O
、	O	O
福	O	O
特	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
真	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
名	O	O
车	O	O
荟	O	O
萃	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
每	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
几	O	O
辆	O	O
。	O	O
标	O	O
价	O	O
牌	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
令	O	O
你	O	O
惊	O	O
喜	O	O
，	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
皮	O	O
鞋	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
便	O	O
宜	O	O
的	O	O
只	O	O
需	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
产	O	O
鳄	O	O
鱼	O	O
衫	O	O
才	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
一	O	O
盘	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
便	O	O
宜	O	O
。	O	O
科	B	B
威	M	M
特	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
叫	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
・	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
（	O	O
科	B	B
威	M	M
特	E	E
第	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
・	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
约	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
小	O	O
值	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
酬	O	O
答	O	O
真	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
厚	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
科	B	B
威	M	M
特	E	E
人	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
诵	O	O
经	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
准	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
高	O	O
音	O	O
喇	O	O
叭	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
诵	O	O
经	O	O
声	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
把	O	O
你	O	O
唤	O	O
醒	O	O
。	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
在	O	O
晴	O	O
空	O	O
下	O	O
熠	O	O
熠	O	O
生	O	O
辉	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
寺	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
因	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
滚	O	O
滚	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
它	O	O
质	O	O
朴	O	O
、	O	O
虔	O	O
诚	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
默	O	O
默	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O
金	O	O
秋	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
艾	O	O
伦	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
挪	B	B
威	E	E
海	O	O
滨	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
斯	B	O
塔	M	O
万	M	O
格	E	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
乘	O	O
快	O	O
艇	O	O
驶	O	O
往	O	O
克	B	O
维	M	O
特	M	O
绥	E	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
岛	O	O
。	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
住	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
便	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
端	O	O
详	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
木	O	O
屋	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
濒	O	O
临	O	O
大	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
依	O	B
山	O	E
架	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
木	O	O
屋	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
隔	O	O
成	O	O
两	O	O
间	O	O
小	O	O
卧	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
叠	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
两	O	O
张	O	O
小	O	O
木	O	O
床	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
厅	O	O
兼	O	O
做	O	O
餐	O	O
厅	O	O
及	O	O
厨	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
铺	O	O
着	O	O
花	O	O
地	O	O
毯	O	O
，	O	O
墙	O	O
上	O	O
挂	O	O
着	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
油	O	O
画	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
、	O	O
炊	O	O
事	O	O
餐	O	O
饮	O	O
等	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
用	O	O
具	O	O
一	O	O
应	O	O
俱	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
有	O	O
取	O	O
暖	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
；	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
洗	O	O
漱	O	O
间	O	O
也	O	O
各	O	O
得	O	O
其	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
井	O	O
井	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
小	O	O
阁	O	O
楼	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
置	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
两	O	O
张	O	O
小	O	O
木	O	O
床	O	O
。	O	O
推	O	O
开	O	O
客	O	O
厅	O	O
小	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
木	O	O
制	O	O
阳	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
汪	O	O
洋	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
小	O	O
木	O	O
屋	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
漂	O	O
在	O	O
大	B	B
西	M	M
洋	E	E
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
小	O	O
木	O	O
船	O	O
，	O	O
悠	O	O
闲	O	O
自	O	O
得	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
往	O	O
船	O	O
只	O	O
、	O	O
远	O	O
近	O	O
小	O	O
岛	O	O
、	O	O
翱	O	O
翔	O	O
海	O	O
鸥	O	O
尽	O	O
收	O	O
眼	O	O
底	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
此	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
心	O	O
静	O	O
如	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
复	O	O
得	O	O
返	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
六	O	O
口	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
过	O	O
个	O	O
周	O	O
末	O	O
或	O	O
度	O	O
假	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
多	O	O
么	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
啊	O	O
！	O	O
据	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
幽	O	O
静	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
房	O	O
又	O	O
便	O	O
宜	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
住	O	O
六	O	O
七	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
才	O	O
用	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
挪	B	B
威	E	E
克	O	O
朗	O	O
（	O	O
合	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
往	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
多	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
乐	O	O
园	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
票	O	O
很	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
叫	O	O
作	O	O
“	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
护	O	O
照	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
蜡	O	O
笔	O	O
速	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
米	O	O
老	O	O
鼠	O	O
绽	O	O
开	O	O
甜	O	O
蜜	O	O
的	O	O
笑	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
小	O	O
字	O	O
犹	O	O
如	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
指	O	O
，	O	O
轻	O	O
轻	O	O
拨	O	O
动	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
弦	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
再	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
回	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
城	O	O
堡	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
恍	O	O
如	O	O
时	O	O
光	O	O
倒	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
再	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
回	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
纯	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
梦	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
用	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
忽	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
一	O	O
扇	O	O
小	O	O
门	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
亮	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
是	O	O
谁	O	O
轻	O	O
轻	O	O
推	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
便	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
米	O	O
老	O	O
鼠	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
迪	O	O
斯	O	O
尼	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
《	O	O
幻	O	O
想	O	O
曲	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
那	O	O
位	O	O
身	O	O
穿	O	O
鲜	O	O
红	O	O
长	O	O
袍	O	O
、	O	O
手	O	O
戴	O	O
白	O	O
手	O	O
套	O	O
、	O	O
脚	O	O
蹬	O	O
黑	O	O
皮	O	O
鞋	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
魔	O	O
术	O	O
师	O	O
米	O	O
老	O	O
鼠	O	O
！	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
童	O	O
话	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
照	O	O
耀	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
笑	O	O
脸	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
光	O	O
倒	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
梦	O	O
想	O	O
成	O	O
真	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
》	O	O
由	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
部	O	O
主	O	O
编	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
格	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
尽	O	O
量	O	O
向	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
短	O	O
、	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
可	O	O
读	O	O
性	O	O
是	O	O
本	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
选	O	O
稿	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
短	O	O
小	O	O
精	O	O
悍	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
鲜	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
尖	O	O
锐	O	O
泼	O	O
辣	O	O
是	O	O
本	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	O
信	M	O
宁	M	O
波	M	O
国	M	O
际	M	O
大	M	O
酒	M	O
店	E	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
账	O	O
据	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
几	O	O
张	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
存	O	O
根	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
栏	O	O
上	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
圣	O	O
诞	O	O
票	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
栏	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
会	O	O
务	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
费	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
为	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
作	O	O
废	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
也	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
写	O	O
圣	O	O
诞	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
写	O	O
会	O	O
务	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
收	O	O
银	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
查	O	O
问	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
推	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
塔	B	B
里	M	M
木	M	M
河	E	E
有	O	O
救	O	O
了	O	O
”	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
依	O	O
法	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
流	O	O
域	O	O
水	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
循	O	O
着	O	O
喊	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
芙	O	O
蓉	O	O
”	O	O
美	O	O
容	O	O
美	O	O
发	O	O
店	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
说	O	O
完	O	O
要	O	O
理	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
涂	O	O
脂	O	O
抹	O	O
粉	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
又	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
往	O	O
里	O	O
间	O	O
推	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
按	O	O
摩	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
４	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
华	O	O
之	O	O
都	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
按	O	O
摩	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
又	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
钱	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
低	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
元	O	O
也	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
你	O	O
舒	O	O
服	O	O
！	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
费	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
多	O	O
口	O	O
舌	O	O
才	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
南	B	O
昌	E	O
拆	O	O
迁	O	O
户	O	O
无	O	O
一	O	O
上	O	O
访	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
近	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
搬	O	O
新	O	O
居	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
李	O	O
姓	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
拆	O	O
迁	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
当	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
访	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
他	O	O
拿	O	O
到	O	O
钥	O	O
匙	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
声	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
真	O	O
讲	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
到	O	O
拆	O	O
迁	O	O
房	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
豆	O	O
罗	O	O
指	O	O
着	O	O
新	O	O
盖	O	O
的	O	O
楼	O	O
群	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
家	O	O
拆	O	O
迁	O	O
户	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
‘	O	O
拿	O	O
’	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
省	O	O
临	O	O
安	O	O
市	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
局	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	E
西	O	O
部	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
山	O	O
物	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
给	O	O
水	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
团	O	O
邱	O	O
娥	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
留	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
傅	O	O
丁	O	O
根	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
附	O	O
记	O	O
：	O	O
邱	O	O
娥	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
开	O	O
完	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
南	B	B
昌	E	E
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
厂	O	O
矿	O	O
等	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
素	O	O
丽	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
带	O	O
徒	O	O
弟	O	O
，	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
《	O	O
李	O	O
素	O	O
丽	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
谭	O	O
彦	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
养	O	O
病	O	O
送	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
订	O	O
户	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
乃	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
声	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
抢	O	O
占	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
订	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
《	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
送	O	O
报	O	O
上	O	O
楼	O	O
已	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
订	O	O
报	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
局	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
剥	O	O
离	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
邮	O	O
发	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
递	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
对	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
种	O	O
邮	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
需	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
福	O	B
州	O	M
市	O	E
台	O	B
江	O	M
区	O	E
居	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
抱	O	O
着	O	O
试	O	O
一	O	O
试	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
考	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
人	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
入	O	O
选	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
娘	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
说	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
心	O	O
栽	O	O
得	O	O
梧	O	O
桐	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
远	O	O
方	O	O
凤	O	O
凰	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
太	B	B
原	E	E
、	O	O
大	B	B
同	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
、	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
、	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
吕	B	O
梁	E	O
。	O	O
交	O	B
口	O	M
县	O	E
五	O	O
磷	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
从	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
和	O	O
太	B	B
原	E	E
招	O	O
聘	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
级	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
和	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
从	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
进	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
闲	O	O
置	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
缴	O	O
税	O	O
利	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
吕	B	B
梁	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
阳	M	M
县	E	E
邢	O	O
利	O	O
斌	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
煤	O	O
化	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
因	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
●	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
●	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
向	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
（	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
价	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
及	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
及	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
户	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
占	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
增	O	O
幅	O	O
也	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
松	O	O
紧	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
占	O	O
用	O	O
系	O	O
数	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
呈	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
末	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
跨	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
跨	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
跨	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
到	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
跨	O	O
”	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
为	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
跨	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
泥	O	O
足	O	O
巨	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
地	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
大	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
从	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
）	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
量	O	O
或	O	O
边	O	O
际	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
报	O	O
酬	O	O
递	O	O
减	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
）	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
是	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
搜	O	O
寻	O	O
合	O	O
适	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
、	O	O
签	O	O
约	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
花	O	O
费	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
层	O	O
级	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
乃	O	O
是	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
变	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
失	O	O
真	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
不	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
制	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
拉	O	O
长	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
跨	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
３	O	O
）	O	O
对	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
情	O	O
形	O	O
时	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
将	O	O
偏	O	O
离	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
者	O	O
将	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
壁	O	O
垒	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
赚	O	O
取	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
、	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
（	O	O
独	O	O
占	O	O
）	O	O
情	O	O
形	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
正	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
法	O	O
都	O	O
极	O	O
力	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
（	O	O
厂	O	O
商	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
也	O	O
因	O	O
其	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
力	O	O
而	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
迟	O	O
缓	O	O
而	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
劣	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
包	O	O
含	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
适	O	O
度	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
越	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
越	O	O
小	O	O
越	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
购	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
大	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
出	O	O
击	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
出	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
伤	O	O
其	O	O
十	O	O
指	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
断	O	O
其	O	O
一	O	O
指	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
把	O	O
主	O	O
业	O	O
做	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
经	O	O
受	O	O
住	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
受	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
受	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
你	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
、	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
率	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
谁	O	O
能	O	O
事	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
前	O	O
瞻	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
萧	O	O
条	O	O
都	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
抱	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
是	O	O
试	O	O
错	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
始	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
较	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
了	O	O
、	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
着	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
低	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
同	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
从	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
看	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
低	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
妨	O	O
碍	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
惨	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
高	O	O
昂	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
索	O	O
尼	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
末	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
大	O	O
举	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
和	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
买	O	O
下	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
哥	B	B
伦	M	M
比	M	M
亚	E	E
影	O	O
片	O	O
和	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
特	O	O
莱	O	O
玛	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
同	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
布	O	B
洛	O	M
克	O	M
巴	O	M
斯	O	M
特	O	E
影	O	O
视	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
―	O	O
沃	O	O
纳	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
与	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
时	O	O
隔	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
索	O	O
尼	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
索	O	O
尼	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
乘	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
危	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
陌	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
惨	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
想	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
则	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
联	O	O
想	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
创	O	O
立	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
在	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
热	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
（	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
）	O	O
都	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
联	O	O
想	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
力	O	O
排	O	O
众	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
稳	O	O
扎	O	O
稳	O	O
打	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
在	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
业	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
（	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
狂	O	O
升	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
）	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
阵	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
巨	O	O
擘	O	O
大	O	O
举	O	O
进	O	O
军	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
时	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
想	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
仍	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
批	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
反	O	O
案	O	O
例	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
（	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
计	O	O
较	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
得	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
胸	O	O
怀	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
与	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
本	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
性	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
６	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
热	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
和	O	O
消	O	O
退	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
购	O	O
并	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
向	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
联	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
无	O	O
关	O	O
联	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
盛	O	O
行	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
”	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
及	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
购	O	O
并	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
该	O	O
做	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
把	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
剥	O	O
离	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
以	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
告	O	O
终	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
如	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
等	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
非	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
应	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
或	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
偏	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
论	O	O
“	O	O
从	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
”	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
从	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
、	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
揽	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
胸	O	O
怀	O	O
和	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
兢	O	O
兢	O	O
业	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
脚	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
埋	O	O
头	O	O
苦	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
以	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
来	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
。	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
年	O	O
初	O	O
布	O	O
置	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
靠	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
把	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
待	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
西	B	B
安	E	E
致	O	O
力	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
十	O	O
项	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
兑	O	O
现	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
“	O	O
慈	O	O
善	O	O
之	O	O
春	O	O
”	O	O
芭	O	O
蕾	O	O
舞	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
克	O	O
里	O	O
姆	O	O
林	O	O
宫	O	O
大	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
芭	O	O
蕾	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
是	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
芭	O	O
蕾	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
水	O	O
准	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
博	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
山	B	O
东	M	O
省	E	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
送	O	O
书	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
在	O	O
邹	B	B
平	M	M
县	E	E
展	O	O
销	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
鲁	O	O
成	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
传	O	O
真	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
流	O	O
域	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
郑	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
污	O	O
水	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
厂	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
郑	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
污	O	O
水	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
厂	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
流	O	O
域	O	O
水	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
批	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
协	O	O
力	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
概	O	O
算	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
为	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
／	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
地	O	O
处	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
上	O	O
游	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
日	O	O
排	O	O
近	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
废	O	O
水	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
未	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
贾	B	O
鲁	M	O
河	E	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
。	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
后	O	O
将	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
郑	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
负	O	O
荷	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陶	O	O
明	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
法	O	O
商	O	O
贩	O	O
也	O	O
趁	O	O
机	O	O
掺	O	O
杂	O	O
使	O	O
假	O	O
、	O	O
缺	O	O
斤	O	O
短	O	O
两	O	O
，	O	O
坑	O	O
害	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
。	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
组	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
刘	O	O
全	O	O
顺	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
组	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
刘	O	O
售	O	O
货	O	O
所	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
磅	O	O
秤	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
秤	O	O
砣	O	O
的	O	O
铅	O	O
封	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
磨	O	O
掉	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
查	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
秤	O	O
超	O	O
差	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
克	O	O
。	O	O
用	O	O
此	O	O
秤	O	O
售	O	O
货	O	O
，	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
每	O	O
购	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
米	O	O
就	O	O
得	O	O
亏	O	O
秤	O	O
３	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
！	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
：	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
户	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
么	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
上	O	O
以	O	O
次	O	O
充	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
么	O	O
分	O	O
量	O	O
上	O	O
缺	O	O
斤	O	O
短	O	O
两	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
威	O	O
慑	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
要	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
还	O	O
须	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
财	O	O
税	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
版	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
周	O	O
正	O	O
庆	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
仲	O	O
藜	O	O
、	O	O
戴	O	O
相	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
项	O	O
怀	O	O
诚	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
寄	O	O
语	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
傅	O	O
志	O	O
寰	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
攻	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
是	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
政	O	O
企	O	O
分	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
、	O	O
扭	O	O
亏	O	O
增	O	O
盈	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
好	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
扭	O	O
亏	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
要	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
坚	O	O
实	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
吉	B	B
林	M	M
省	E	E
产	O	O
粮	O	O
大	O	O
县	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
踊	O	O
跃	O	O
交	O	O
售	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
粮	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	O	O
世	O	O
杰	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
：	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
里	O	O
程	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
；	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
化	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
个	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
化	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
行	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
巨	O	O
款	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
项	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
性	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
应	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
：	O	O
凡	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
已	O	O
明	O	O
令	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
；	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
权	O	O
限	O	O
擅	O	O
自	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
等	O	O
乱	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
确	O	O
需	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
报	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
湛	B	B
江	E	E
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
浆	O	O
厂	O	O
等	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
林	O	O
产	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
对	O	O
７	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
林	O	O
区	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
、	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
概	O	O
算	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
改	O	O
一	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
木	O	O
材	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
干	O	O
鲜	O	O
果	O	O
品	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
林	O	O
化	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
松	O	O
香	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
；	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
为	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
∶	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
６	O	O
。	O	O
浙	O	B
江	O	E
隆	O	O
中	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
员	O	O
黄	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
台	B	B
州	E	E
“	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
遇	O	O
由	O	O
他	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
陈	O	O
绪	O	O
豹	O	O
刚	O	O
被	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
入	O	O
党	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
黄	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
当	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
入	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
孔	O	O
夫	O	O
寿	O	O
已	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
选	O	O
派	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
”	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
和	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
拥	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O
玉	B	B
环	M	M
县	E	E
坎	B	B
门	M	M
镇	E	E
工	O	O
办	O	O
会	O	O
计	O	O
许	O	O
云	O	O
英	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
车	O	O
间	O	O
做	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
向	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
替	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
而	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
与	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
台	B	B
州	E	E
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
赞	O	O
成	O	O
选	O	O
派	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
已	O	O
向	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
打	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
选	O	O
派	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
陆	O	O
熙	O	O
沈	O	O
建	O	O
波	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
山	B	O
东	M	O
省	E	O
济	O	O
南	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
兼	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
庄	O	O
重	O	O
地	O	O
从	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
接	O	O
过	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
为	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
交	O	O
警	O	O
亲	O	O
笔	O	O
题	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
摸	O	O
爬	O	O
滚	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
担	O	O
子	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
两	O	O
旁	O	O
乱	O	O
摆	O	O
摊	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
违	O	O
章	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
乱	O	O
占	O	O
道	O	O
是	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
水	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
动	O	O
大	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
只	O	O
顾	O	O
驱	O	O
赶	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
商	O	O
贩	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
队	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
与	O	O
城	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
商	O	O
贩	O	O
找	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
窝	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
占	O	O
道	O	O
摊	O	O
贩	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
点	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
贸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
违	O	O
章	O	O
占	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
耐	O	O
心	O	O
劝	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
强	O	O
行	O	O
拆	O	O
除	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
劝	O	O
回	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
沿	O	O
街	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
叫	O	O
卖	O	O
的	O	O
摊	O	O
贩	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
拉	O	O
网	O	O
式	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
网	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
贸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
定	O	O
点	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
水	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
除	O	O
违	O	O
章	O	O
占	O	O
道	O	O
摊	O	O
点	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
出	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
路	O	O
面	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
通	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
荣	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
们	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
了	O	O
过	O	O
硬	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
练	O	O
硬	O	O
了	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
练	O	O
硬	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
在	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
岗	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
以	O	O
潇	O	O
洒	O	O
、	O	O
刚	O	O
劲	O	O
、	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
执	O	O
勤	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
泉	B	B
城	E	E
一	O	O
大	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
水	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
空	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
忘	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
水	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
息	O	O
息	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
心	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
“	O	O
联	O	O
户	O	O
联	O	O
防	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
哲	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
丰	O	O
盛	O	O
的	O	O
宴	O	O
请	O	O
是	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
试	O	O
问	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
山	O	O
珍	O	O
海	O	O
味	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
猛	O	O
海	O	O
鲜	O	O
、	O	O
觥	O	O
筹	O	O
交	O	O
错	O	O
中	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
宴	O	O
席	O	O
可	O	O
沟	O	O
通	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
定	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
那	O	O
也	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
、	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
、	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
以	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
，	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
吃	O	O
喝	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
是	O	O
片	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
此	O	O
风	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
杨	O	O
洪	O	O
柯	O	O
张	O	O
起	O	O
河	O	O
邯	O	O
郸	O	O
县	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
黄	O	O
粱	O	O
梦	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
总	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
镇	O	O
因	O	O
有	O	O
吕	O	O
仙	O	O
祠	O	O
而	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
给	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
感	O	O
？	O	O
这	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
警	O	O
务	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
警	O	O
务	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
张	O	O
警	O	O
长	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
卡	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
警	O	O
长	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
制	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
警	O	O
长	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
栏	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
在	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
村	O	O
庄	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
路	O	O
口	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
边	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
两	O	O
旁	O	O
等	O	O
醒	O	O
目	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
块	O	O
警	O	O
长	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
栏	O	O
均	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
抹	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
漆	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
警	O	O
务	O	O
区	O	O
序	O	O
号	O	O
、	O	O
警	O	O
长	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
和	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
机	O	O
呼	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
您	O	O
有	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
时	O	O
请	O	O
与	O	O
警	O	O
长	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
语	O	O
及	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
过	O	O
往	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
有	O	O
事	O	O
可	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
接	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
后	O	O
３	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
内	O	O
警	O	O
车	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
打	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
扣	O	O
该	O	O
警	O	O
务	O	O
区	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
分	O	O
数	O	O
；	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
时	O	O
如	O	O
警	O	O
长	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
要	O	O
接	O	O
传	O	O
呼	O	O
后	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
与	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
出	O	O
警	O	O
事	O	O
宜	O	O
；	O	O
接	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
后	O	O
如	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
不	O	O
归	O	O
本	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
先	O	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
移	O	O
交	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
南	B	B
宁	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
东	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
马	O	O
晓	O	O
春	O	O
）	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
某	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
兵	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
所	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
预	O	O
应	O	O
力	O	O
锚	O	O
索	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
八	B	O
渡	E	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
边	O	O
坡	O	O
加	O	O
固	O	O
二	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
全	O	O
线	O	O
通	O	O
车	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
。	O	O
至	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
支	O	O
以	O	O
专	O	O
啃	O	O
“	O	O
硬	O	O
骨	O	O
头	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
著	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
锚	O	O
索	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
抢	O	O
险	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
数	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
厅	O	O
等	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
我	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
不	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
还	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
答	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
疑	O	O
难	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
春	O	O
生	O	O
秦	O	O
广	O	O
艳	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
局	O	O
本	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
向	O	O
所	O	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
张	O	O
榜	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
因	O	O
地	O	O
制	O	O
宜	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
类	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
项	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
炼	O	O
出	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
项	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
求	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
分	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
替	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
解	O	O
愁	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
“	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
区	O	O
在	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
启	O	O
蒙	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
操	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
“	O	O
联	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
帮	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
扶	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
以	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
“	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
区	O	O
把	O	O
以	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
”	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
三	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
融	O	O
洽	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
性	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
峨	O	O
金	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
大	B	B
渡	M	M
河	M	E
大	M	O
桥	E	O
等	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
厂	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
地	O	O
情	O	O
谊	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
晶	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
龙	O	O
晓	O	O
勤	O	O
刘	O	O
洋	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
委	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
拥	O	O
护	O	O
就	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
绩	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
就	O	O
提	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
地	O	O
直	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
名	O	O
副	O	O
处	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
和	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
选	O	O
配	O	O
了	O	O
８	O	O
名	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
３	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
５	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
暂	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
了	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
选	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
长	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
厦	B	B
门	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
偏	O	O
僻	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
新	B	B
圩	M	M
镇	E	E
马	B	B
塘	M	M
村	E	E
依	O	O
靠	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
富	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
在	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
式	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
周	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
隆	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
升	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
彭	O	O
张	O	O
青	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
中	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
丰	B	B
台	M	M
区	E	E
南	B	B
苑	M	M
乡	E	E
三	O	O
方	O	O
会	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
等	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
慎	O	O
始	O	O
而	O	O
敬	O	O
终	O	O
『	O	O
慎	O	O
始	O	O
而	O	O
敬	O	O
终	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
以	O	O
不	O	O
困	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
语	O	O
出	O	O
《	O	O
左	O	O
传	O	O
》	O	O
引	O	O
古	O	O
逸	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
是	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
怠	O	O
慢	O	O
地	O	O
终	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
窘	O	O
迫	O	O
之	O	O
患	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
衔	O	O
接	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
前	O	O
启	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
诫	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
态	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
思	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
进	O	O
退	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
客	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
，	O	O
跑	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
找	O	O
门	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
位	O	O
子	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
封	O	O
官	O	O
许	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
拉	O	O
帮	O	O
结	O	O
派	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
了	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
反	O	O
正	O	O
再	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
退	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
思	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
避	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
极	O	O
守	O	O
摊	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
马	O	O
虎	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
丢	O	O
下	O	O
本	O	O
职	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
上	O	O
南	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
境	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
『	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
』	O	O
为	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
散	O	O
心	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
半	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
在	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
作	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
要	O	O
打	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
玉	O	O
琴	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
昨	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
俄	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
克	O	O
里	O	O
姆	O	O
林	O	O
宫	O	O
大	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
芭	O	O
蕾	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
胡	O	O
桃	O	O
夹	O	O
子	O	O
》	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
音	O	O
符	O	O
从	O	O
琴	O	O
弦	O	O
上	O	O
滑	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
国	O	O
际	O	O
歌	O	O
剧	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
降	O	O
下	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
丁	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
区	O	O
直	O	O
属	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
反	O	O
馈	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
直	O	O
属	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
佳	O	O
”	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
差	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
由	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
核	O	O
实	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
整	O	O
改	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
下	O	O
评	O	O
上	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
石	O	O
激	O	O
浪	O	O
千	O	O
层	O	O
”	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
是	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
清	O	O
正	O	O
廉	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
勤	O	O
政	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
除	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
、	O	O
取	O	O
信	O	O
于	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
神	O	O
之	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
银	O	O
奖	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
者	O	O
柴	O	O
宝	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
玉	O	O
敏	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
小	O	O
站	O	O
稻	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
区	O	O
搬	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
出	O	O
车	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
孤	O	O
寡	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
一	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
辆	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
足	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
寡	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
乘	O	O
车	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
还	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
为	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
释	O	O
疑	O	O
解	O	O
惑	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
婚	O	O
姻	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
和	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
孤	O	O
老	O	O
户	O	O
打	O	O
扫	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
拆	O	O
被	O	O
缝	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
捐	O	O
物	O	O
帮	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
欢	O	O
度	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
玉	O	O
红	O	O
肖	O	O
荻	O	O
）	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
录	O	O
像	O	O
剪	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
博	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
嘉	O	O
宾	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
口	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
剪	O	O
彩	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
节	O	O
省	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
淑	O	O
英	O	O
）	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
爱	O	O
虎	O	O
、	O	O
画	O	O
虎	O	O
、	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
虎	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
慕	O	O
凌	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
医	O	O
治	O	O
无	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
溘	O	O
然	O	O
长	O	O
逝	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
慕	O	O
凌	O	O
飞	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
遗	O	O
体	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
天	O	B
津	O	M
市	O	E
北	O	B
仓	O	M
殡	O	M
仪	O	M
馆	O	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
花	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
瘦	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
躯	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
看	O	O
刘	O	O
光	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
想	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
津	O	O
贴	O	O
的	O	O
白	O	O
莲	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
俗	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
换	O	O
换	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
一	O	O
桶	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
光	O	O
亮	O	O
与	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
选	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
粒	O	O
白	O	O
莲	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
诱	O	O
变	O	O
良	O	O
种	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
重	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
和	O	O
微	O	O
重	O	O
力	O	O
对	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
诱	O	O
变	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
变	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
选	O	O
育	O	O
新	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
转	O	O
种	O	O
品	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
杨	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
器	O	O
晚	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
志	O	O
存	O	O
高	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
时	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
期	O	O
《	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
》	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
篇	O	O
《	O	O
杨	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
巧	O	O
手	O	O
绘	O	O
就	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
彩	O	O
虹	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
藏	M	M
那	M	M
曲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
暴	O	O
风	O	O
雪	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
高	O	O
寒	O	O
缺	O	O
氧	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
和	O	O
积	O	O
雪	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
有	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
寒	O	O
防	O	O
冻	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
紧	O	O
缺	O	O
。	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
对	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
驻	O	O
藏	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
调	O	O
剂	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
运	O	O
抵	O	O
受	O	O
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
已	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
好	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
抓	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
好	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
为	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
乐	O	O
平	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
某	O	O
炮	O	O
兵	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
以	O	O
赴	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
从	O	O
市	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
拨	O	O
款	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
八	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
通	O	O
营	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
项	O	O
”	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
和	O	O
争	O	O
创	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
城	O	O
（	O	O
县	O	O
）	O	O
等	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
争	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
、	O	O
烹	O	O
调	O	O
、	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
用	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
成	B	O
都	M	O
市	E	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
成	O	O
都	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
已	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
四	B	B
川	M	M
省	E	E
各	O	O
种	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
拉	O	O
萨	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
追	O	O
回	O	O
被	O	O
盗	O	O
国	O	O
宝	O	O
王	O	O
琦	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
展	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
桑	O	O
麻	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
奖	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
青	B	O
岛	E	O
黄	B	B
岛	E	E
口	O	O
岸	O	O
截	O	O
获	O	O
谷	O	O
斑	O	O
皮	O	O
蠹	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
开	O	O
通	O	O
两	O	O
条	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
热	O	O
线	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
昆	B	B
明	E	E
世	O	O
界	O	O
园	O	O
艺	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
和	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
羊	O	O
多	O	O
利	O	O
火	O	O
星	O	O
登	O	O
陆	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
震	O	O
惊	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
组	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
全	O	O
图	O	O
的	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
的	O	O
遗	O	O
传	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
奥	O	O
秘	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
育	O	O
种	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
；	O	O
转	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
杂	O	O
交	O	O
稻	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
将	O	O
抗	O	O
除	O	O
草	O	O
剂	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
植	O	O
入	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
杂	O	O
交	O	O
稻	O	O
制	O	O
种	O	O
的	O	O
纯	O	O
度	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
化	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
；	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
截	O	O
流	O	O
则	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
水	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
宜	O	O
瑜	O	O
称	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
之	O	O
无	O	O
愧	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
级	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
十	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
四	O	O
、	O	O
纳	O	O
米	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
学	O	O
超	O	O
高	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
存	O	O
储	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
获	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
性	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
存	O	O
储	O	O
点	O	O
阵	O	O
的	O	O
点	O	O
直	O	O
径	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｍ	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
小	O	O
存	O	O
储	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
径	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｍ	O	O
小	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
量	O	O
级	O	O
。	O	O
八	O	O
、	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
生	O	O
物	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
志	O	O
”	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
植	O	O
物	O	O
志	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
志	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
孢	O	O
子	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
志	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
世	O	O
巨	O	O
著	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
载	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
册	O	O
、	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
『	O	O
送	O	O
子	O	O
观	O	O
音	O	O
』	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
记	O	O
湛	O	O
江	O	O
市	O	O
惠	O	O
珍	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
梁	O	O
惠	O	O
珍	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
梁	O	O
惠	O	O
珍	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
医	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
刀	O	O
疏	O	O
通	O	O
输	O	O
卵	O	O
管	O	O
阻	O	O
塞	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
立	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
惠	O	O
珍	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
。	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
看	O	O
病	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
剩	O	O
药	O	O
可	O	O
退	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
低	O	O
廉	O	O
的	O	O
夫	O	O
妻	O	O
病	O	O
床	O	O
和	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
廉	O	O
价	O	O
饭	O	O
菜	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
堂	O	O
等	O	O
便	O	O
民	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
麻	O	O
省	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
用	O	O
钠	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
与	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
光	O	O
子	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
有	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
特	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
七	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
亚	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
急	O	O
诊	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
分	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
王	O	O
永	O	O
炎	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
科	O	O
急	O	O
症	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
急	O	O
诊	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
摒	O	O
弃	O	O
“	O	O
慢	O	O
郎	O	O
中	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
崇	O	O
尚	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
疗	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
以	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
为	O	O
先	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
、	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
性	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
入	O	O
网	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
按	O	O
主	O	O
叫	O	O
计	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	M
市	O	E
话	O	O
网	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
调	O	O
制	O	O
解	O	O
调	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
拨	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
“	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
”	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
可	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
“	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
线	O	O
”	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
线	O	O
”	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
按	O	O
主	O	O
叫	O	O
计	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
量	O	O
付	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
后	O	O
付	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
与	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
与	O	O
计	O	O
费	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
》	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
之	O	O
道	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
公	O	O
开	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
违	O	O
禁	O	O
游	O	O
戏	O	O
机	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
证	O	O
券	O	O
业	O	O
年	O	O
鉴	O	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
五	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
与	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
医	O	O
药	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
名	O	O
典	O	O
》	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
俄	B	O
罗	M	O
斯	E	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
路	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
，	O	O
随	O	O
同	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
除	O	O
涅	O	O
姆	O	O
佐	O	O
夫	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
布	O	O
尔	O	O
加	O	O
克	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
普	O	O
里	O	O
马	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
杜	O	O
比	O	O
宁	O	O
、	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
能	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
米	O	O
哈	O	O
伊	O	O
洛	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
维	O	O
亚	O	O
希	O	O
列	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
铺	O	O
设	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
管	O	O
道	O	O
和	O	O
俄	O	O
向	O	O
斯	B	O
堪	M	O
的	M	O
纳	M	O
维	M	O
亚	M	O
半	M	O
岛	E	O
输	O	O
送	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
与	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
首	O	O
相	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
实	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
俄	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
除	O	O
在	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
接	O	O
轨	O	O
，	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
俄	O	O
拟	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
贸	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
就	O	O
俄	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
是	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
们	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
俄	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
入	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
须	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
现	O	O
行	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
新	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
世	O	O
贸	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
准	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
项	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
贸	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
项	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
性	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
生	O	O
效	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
生	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
据	O	O
俄	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
作	O	O
好	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
便	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
俄	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
贸	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
贝	B	B
鲁	M	M
特	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
波	O	O
、	O	O
符	O	O
卫	O	O
建	O	O
）	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
莫	O	O
迪	O	O
凯	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
黎	B	B
巴	M	M
嫩	E	E
《	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
民	O	O
族	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
无	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
从	O	O
黎	B	B
巴	M	M
嫩	E	E
南	O	O
部	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
号	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
是	O	O
黎	O	O
以	O	O
要	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
媒	O	O
体	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
美	O	O
英	O	O
军	O	O
舰	O	O
阻	O	O
挠	O	O
赴	O	O
伊	O	O
商	O	O
船	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
籍	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
船	O	O
长	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
美	O	O
英	O	O
军	O	O
舰	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
行	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
商	O	O
船	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
号	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
换	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
内	O	O
为	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
运	O	O
输	O	O
其	O	O
急	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
英	O	O
军	O	O
舰	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
理	O	O
阻	O	O
挠	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
认	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
海	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
法	O	O
准	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	B
拉	O	M
克	O	E
驻	O	O
约	O	B
旦	O	E
使	O	O
馆	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
参	O	O
赞	O	O
穆	O	O
罕	O	O
默	O	O
德	O	O
从	O	O
寓	O	O
所	O	O
驱	O	O
车	O	O
驶	O	O
往	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
安	B	B
曼	M	M
市	E	E
西	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
使	O	O
馆	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
枪	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
子	O	O
弹	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
打	O	O
中	O	O
穆	O	O
罕	O	O
默	O	O
德	O	O
。	O	O
枪	O	O
手	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
驾	O	O
车	O	O
逃	O	O
逸	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
第	B	B
比	M	M
利	M	M
斯	E	E
消	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
格	B	B
鲁	M	M
吉	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
谢	O	O
瓦	O	O
尔	O	O
德	O	O
纳	O	O
泽	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
阿	B	B
布	M	M
哈	M	M
兹	E	E
冲	O	O
突	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
格	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
以	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
俄	O	O
法	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
商	O	O
谈	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
由	O	O
多	B	O
伦	M	O
多	E	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
于	O	O
华	O	O
裔	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
与	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
华	O	O
裔	O	O
男	O	O
性	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
“	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
及	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
”	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
黄	O	O
健	O	O
豪	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	B
拿	O	M
大	O	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
部	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
间	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
被	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
名	O	O
华	O	O
裔	O	O
男	O	O
性	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
兼	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
全	O	O
日	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
只	O	O
占	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
起	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
９	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
华	O	O
裔	O	O
男	O	O
性	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
有	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
也	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
渺	O	O
茫	O	O
。	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
心	O	O
也	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
悔	O	O
当	O	O
初	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
了	O	O
原	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
多	B	B
伦	M	M
多	E	E
教	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
就	O	O
小	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
某	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
加	O	O
后	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
已	O	O
能	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
也	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
梦	O	O
成	O	O
真	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
初	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
从	O	O
零	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
问	O	O
起	O	O
她	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
还	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
时	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
会	O	O
劝	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
三	O	O
思	O	O
而	O	O
后	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
渥	B	B
太	M	M
华	E	E
电	O	O
）	O	O
康	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
丁	O	O
内	O	O
斯	O	O
库	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
王	O	O
米	O	O
哈	O	O
伊	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
人	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
后	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
退	O	O
位	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
米	O	O
哈	O	O
伊	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
女	O	O
玛	O	O
加	O	O
丽	O	O
塔	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
旁	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
真	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
惊	O	O
叹	O	O
！	O	O
如	O	O
不	O	O
亲	O	O
眼	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
有	O	O
报	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
验	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
已	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
遍	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
问	O	O
她	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
想	O	O
了	O	O
想	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
和	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
必	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
狮	O	O
虎	O	O
大	O	O
象	O	O
之	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
很	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
地	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
、	O	O
利	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
“	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
专	O	O
守	O	O
防	O	O
卫	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
行	O	O
使	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
自	O	O
卫	O	O
权	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
以	O	O
色	O	O
列	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
就	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
表	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
的	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
使	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
也	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
解	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	M
科	B	M
普	M	M
特	M	M
教	M	M
区	E	E
旅	O	O
游	O	O
点	O	O
值	O	O
勤	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
。	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
府	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
赴	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
，	O	O
同	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
就	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
巴	O	O
勒	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
同	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
就	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
同	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
和	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
在	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
会	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
约	B	B
旦	M	M
河	E	E
西	O	O
岸	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
捷	B	B
克	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
哈	O	O
韦	O	O
尔	O	O
二	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
布	B	B
拉	M	M
格	M	M
宫	E	E
任	O	O
命	O	O
了	O	O
捷	B	O
克	E	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
托	O	O
绍	O	O
夫	O	O
斯	O	O
基	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
名	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
新	O	O
入	O	O
阁	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
占	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
七	O	O
名	O	O
无	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
中	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
克	O	O
劳	O	O
斯	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
捷	B	B
克	E	E
原	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
托	O	O
绍	O	O
夫	O	O
斯	O	O
基	O	O
二	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
时	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
和	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
作	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
巴	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
前	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
团	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
列	O	O
希	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
地	B	B
拉	M	M
那	E	E
病	O	O
逝	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
年	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
列	O	O
希	O	O
是	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
巴	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
反	O	O
法	O	O
西	O	O
斯	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
列	O	O
希	O	O
曾	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
过	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
阿	O	B
尔	O	M
巴	O	M
尼	O	M
亚	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
团	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
（	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
元	O	O
首	O	O
）	O	O
之	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
稍	O	O
后	O	O
便	O	O
波	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
。	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
、	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
加	M	M
坡	E	E
、	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
来	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
至	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
也	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
了	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
破	O	O
灭	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
饱	O	O
受	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
也	O	O
跌	O	O
至	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
、	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
加	M	M
坡	E	E
、	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
近	O	O
来	O	O
都	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
和	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	O
本	E	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
实	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
兑	O	O
换	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
青	O	O
松	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
及	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
化	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
业	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
取	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
裁	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
震	O	O
惊	O	O
。	O	O
瑞	O	O
士	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
瑞	O	O
士	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
裁	O	O
员	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
在	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
中	O	O
裁	O	O
减	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
从	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
大	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
低	O	O
估	O	O
。	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
该	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
便	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
纽	B	O
约	E	O
曼	B	O
哈	M	O
顿	E	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
管	O	O
道	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
爆	O	O
裂	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
被	O	O
水	O	O
所	O	O
淹	O	O
。	O	O
水	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
煤	O	O
气	O	O
管	O	O
道	O	O
又	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
消	O	O
防	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
冒	O	O
火	O	O
的	O	O
裂	O	O
缝	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
洛	B	B
杉	M	M
矶	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	O	O
月	O	O
辉	O	O
）	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
洛	O	O
里	O	O
拉	O	O
德	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
本	O	O
周	O	O
向	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
加	B	B
利	M	M
福	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	M	M
州	E	E
的	O	O
受	O	O
害	O	O
者	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
向	O	O
吸	O	O
烟	O	O
的	O	O
受	O	O
害	O	O
者	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
。	O	O
芬	B	O
兰	E	O
众	O	O
鸟	O	O
欣	O	O
有	O	O
托	O	O
群	O	O
兽	O	O
爱	O	O
人	O	O
庐	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
亟	O	O
须	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
商	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
较	O	O
松	O	O
的	O	O
卢	B	B
森	M	M
堡	E	E
和	O	O
开	B	B
曼	M	M
群	M	M
岛	E	E
注	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
子	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
或	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
股	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
大	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
中	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
第	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
资	O	O
不	O	O
抵	O	O
债	O	O
。	O	O
英	O	O
格	O	O
兰	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
额	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
于	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
行	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
明	O	O
知	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
行	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
借	O	O
贷	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
高	O	O
息	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
冒	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
是	O	O
该	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
行	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
热	O	O
衷	O	O
于	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
分	O	O
支	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
良	O	O
莠	O	O
不	O	O
齐	O	O
，	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
失	O	O
控	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
盛	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
起	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
稳	O	O
健	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
选	O	O
拔	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
选	O	O
拔	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
要	O	O
慎	O	O
之	O	O
又	O	O
慎	O	O
。	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
：	O	O
元	O	O
月	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
仍	O	O
紧	O	O
李	O	O
素	O	O
丽	O	O
走	O	O
近	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
健	O	O
儿	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
八	O	O
一	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
中	O	O
欣	O	O
队	O	O
打	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
本	O	O
轮	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
∶	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
一	O	O
队	O	O
胜	O	O
；	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
宏	O	O
远	O	O
队	O	O
以	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
蓝	O	O
剑	O	O
队	O	O
；	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
尔	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
首	O	O
钢	O	O
队	O	O
客	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
宝	O	O
元	O	O
队	O	O
；	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
南	O	O
钢	O	O
队	O	O
客	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
∶	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
沈	O	O
阳	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
暂	O	O
停	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
立	O	O
信	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
擂	O	O
台	O	O
赛	O	O
在	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
重	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
刘	O	O
国	O	O
梁	O	O
不	O	O
敌	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
张	O	O
勇	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
单	O	O
打	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
３	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
刘	O	O
国	O	O
梁	O	O
在	O	O
擂	O	O
台	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
场	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
他	O	O
以	O	O
２	O	O
∶	O	O
３	O	O
输	O	O
给	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
小	O	O
将	O	O
郭	O	O
瑾	O	O
浩	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	O	O
红	O	O
）	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
走	O	O
钢	O	O
丝	O	O
跨	O	O
越	O	O
长	B	O
江	E	O
三	B	O
峡	E	O
夔	B	O
门	E	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
“	O	O
达	O	O
瓦	O	O
孜	O	O
”	O	O
传	O	O
人	O	O
阿	O	O
地	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
京	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
座	O	O
约	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
塔	O	O
柱	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
走	O	O
钢	O	O
丝	O	O
的	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
绝	O	O
技	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
奥	O	O
林	O	O
匹	O	O
克	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
钢	O	O
丝	O	O
将	O	O
架	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
国	M	M
奥	M	M
中	M	M
心	M	M
体	M	M
育	M	M
馆	E	E
和	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
馆	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
根	O	O
塔	O	O
柱	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
钢	O	O
丝	O	O
距	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
约	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
过	O	O
十	O	O
届	O	O
的	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
杯	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
围	O	O
棋	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
快	O	O
棋	O	O
赛	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
由	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
人	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
由	O	O
三	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
猛	O	O
增	O	O
至	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
点	O	O
八	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
围	O	O
棋	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
场	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
七	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
巡	O	O
回	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
爱	O	O
多	O	O
电	O	O
器	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
男	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
周	O	O
建	O	O
安	O	O
等	O	O
３	O	O
名	O	O
现	O	O
役	O	O
国	O	O
手	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
上	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
全	O	O
队	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
队	O	O
却	O	O
在	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
拦	O	O
网	O	O
、	O	O
扣	O	O
杀	O	O
和	O	O
后	O	O
排	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
等	O	O
都	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
得	O	O
淋	O	O
漓	O	O
尽	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
便	O	O
以	O	O
３	O	O
∶	O	O
０	O	O
轻	O	O
取	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
吸	O	O
取	O	O
惨	O	O
败	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
男	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
场	O	O
交	O	O
锋	O	O
中	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
攻	O	O
和	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
跳	O	O
发	O	O
球	O	O
颇	O	O
具	O	O
威	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
排	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
利	O	O
索	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
敬	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
队	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
３	O	O
∶	O	O
０	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	O	O
立	O	O
群	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
道	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
”	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
墨	O	O
守	O	O
成	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
先	O	O
树	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
、	O	O
后	O	O
推	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
规	O	O
策	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
麦	O	O
当	O	O
劳	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
牌	O	O
专	O	O
卖	O	O
店	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
生	O	O
根	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
较	O	O
早	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
专	O	O
卖	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
呵	O	O
护	O	O
与	O	O
厚	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
最	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
牌	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
还	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
般	O	O
稚	O	O
嫩	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
感	O	O
在	O	O
欢	O	O
呼	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
以	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
观	O	O
”	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
大	O	O
棋	O	O
盘	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
牌	O	O
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
虽	O	O
无	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
盘	O	O
”	O	O
搏	O	O
杀	O	O
的	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
出	O	O
击	O	O
！	O	O
老	O	O
虎	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
门	O	O
帘	O	O
，	O	O
迈	O	O
上	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
期	O	O
《	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
周	O	O
刊	O	O
》	O	O
也	O	O
与	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
会	O	O
西	O	O
湖	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
展	O	O
厅	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
从	O	O
正	O	O
面	O	O
看	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
背	O	O
投	O	O
影	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
厘	O	O
米	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
”	O	O
彩	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
（	O	O
见	O	O
下	O	O
图	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
旁	O	O
边	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
彩	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
影	O	O
碟	O	O
机	O	O
向	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
输	O	O
送	O	O
着	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
在	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
台	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
像	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
禁	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
连	O	O
连	O	O
点	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
彩	O	O
电	O	O
在	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
透	O	O
亮	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
感	O	O
、	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
辨	O	O
率	O	O
上	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
比	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
彩	O	O
电	O	O
高	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
筹	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
图	O	O
像	O	O
的	O	O
边	O	O
缘	O	O
、	O	O
画	O	O
中	O	O
画	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
画	O	O
面	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
等	O	O
细	O	O
微	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
彩	O	O
电	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
出	O	O
其	O	O
独	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
是	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
更	O	O
换	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
取	O	O
代	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
蹴	O	O
而	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
已	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
化	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
已	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
传	O	O
送	O	O
５	O	O
套	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
压	O	O
缩	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
“	O	O
上	O	O
星	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
彩	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
哈	O	O
尔	O	O
滨	O	O
森	O	O
永	O	O
乳	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
“	O	O
森	O	O
永	O	O
”	O	O
牌	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
奶	O	O
粉	O	O
黑	O	B
龙	O	M
江	O	E
北	O	B
大	O	M
荒	O	E
集	O	O
团	O	O
乳	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
“	O	O
北	B	B
大	M	M
荒	E	E
”	O	O
牌	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
奶	O	O
粉	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
示	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
被	O	O
判	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
广	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
越	O	O
兴	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
四	O	O
洲	O	O
洋	O	O
行	O	O
经	O	O
销	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
明	O	O
治	O	O
乳	O	O
业	O	O
株	O	O
式	O	O
会	O	O
社	O	O
监	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
标	O	O
明	O	O
“	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
制	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
明	O	O
治	O	O
”	O	O
牌	O	O
奶	O	O
粉	O	O
（	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
克	O	O
／	O	O
听	O	O
）	O	O
；	O	O
广	O	B
州	O	M
市	O	E
新	O	O
大	O	O
新	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
经	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
雪	O	O
印	O	O
株	O	O
式	O	O
会	O	O
社	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
在	O	O
澳	B	B
洲	E	E
制	O	O
造	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
雪	O	O
印	O	O
”	O	O
牌	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
奶	O	O
粉	O	O
（	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
克	O	O
／	O	O
听	O	O
）	O	O
；	O	O
广	B	O
州	M	O
市	M	O
南	M	O
粤	M	O
糖	M	O
烟	M	O
酒	M	O
食	M	O
品	M	O
商	M	O
店	E	O
经	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
爱	O	O
美	O	O
健	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
爱	O	O
美	O	O
力	O	O
”	O	O
牌	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
奶	O	O
粉	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
克	O	O
／	O	O
听	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赵	O	O
志	O	O
文	O	O
“	O	O
海	O	O
马	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
为	O	O
龚	O	O
德	O	O
俊	O	O
组	O	O
装	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
敢	O	O
置	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
计	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
铤	O	O
而	O	O
走	O	O
险	O	O
？	O	O
亡	O	O
羊	O	O
补	O	O
牢	O	O
△	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
条	O	O
码	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
条	O	O
码	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
（	O	O
简	O	O
称	O	O
Ｗ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
）	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
Ｗ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
将	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
便	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
便	O	O
于	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
赔	O	O
付	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
组	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
焕	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
及	O	O
乡	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
核	O	O
算	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
仅	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
已	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
适	O	O
销	O	O
对	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
以	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
与	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
高	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
与	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
含	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
分	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
对	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
最	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
都	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
；	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
已	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
供	O	O
求	O	O
缺	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
商	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
；	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
总	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
与	O	O
总	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
盘	O	O
整	O	O
使	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
事	O	O
之	O	O
秋	O	O
。	O	O
继	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
泰	O	B
国	O	E
铢	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
暴	O	O
跌	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
、	O	O
印	B	B
度	M	M
尼	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
加	M	M
坡	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
也	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
亦	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
还	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
瘟	O	O
疫	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
搞	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
等	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
的	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
虚	O	O
假	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
和	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
引	O	O
进	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
投	O	O
向	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
入	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
中	O	O
亦	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
用	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
过	O	O
热	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
缓	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
热	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
降	O	O
温	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
积	O	O
压	O	O
。	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
的	O	O
破	O	O
灭	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
破	O	O
灭	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
四	O	O
伏	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
的	O	O
迹	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
适	O	O
度	O	O
从	O	O
紧	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
来	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
线	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
成	O	O
份	O	O
股	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
周	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
线	O	O
图	O	O
亦	O	O
称	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
或	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
被	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
：	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｆ	O	O
将	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
钉	O	O
住	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
弹	O	O
性	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
制	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
总	O	O
局	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
项	O	O
怀	O	O
诚	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
适	O	O
度	O	O
从	O	O
紧	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
用	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
大	O	O
体	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
相	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
要	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
乱	O	O
办	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
五	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
兼	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
总	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
仲	O	O
藜	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
财	O	O
税	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
万	O	O
事	O	O
如	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
证	O	O
监	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
周	O	O
正	O	O
庆	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
高	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
在	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
被	O	O
各	O	O
层	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
所	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
由	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
年	O	O
末	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
市	O	O
值	O	O
逾	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
由	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
尚	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
地	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
新	O	O
股	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
炒	O	O
卖	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
众	O	O
人	O	O
期	O	O
盼	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
暂	O	O
行	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
紧	O	O
锣	O	O
密	O	O
鼓	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
临	O	O
近	O	O
岁	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
又	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
性	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O
展	O	O
望	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
繁	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
正	O	O
视	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
住	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
健	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
证	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
深	O	O
证	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
本	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
涨	O	O
跌	O	O
幅	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
网	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
胶	O	O
卷	O	O
、	O	O
可	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
等	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
耐	O	O
用	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
、	O	O
洗	O	O
衣	O	O
机	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
居	O	O
前	O	O
十	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
容	O	O
声	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
天	O	O
鹅	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
）	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
。	O	O
挡	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
诱	O	O
惑	O	O
但	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
：	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
是	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
节	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
是	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
偶	O	O
尔	O	O
打	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
余	O	O
换	O	O
来	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
一	O	O
刻	O	O
也	O	O
还	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
就	O	O
接	O	O
踵	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
来	O	O
又	O	O
极	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
自	O	O
制	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
某	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
小	O	O
Ａ	O	O
，	O	O
暑	O	O
假	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
码	O	O
拨	O	O
通	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
欣	O	O
赏	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
不	O	O
觉	O	O
就	O	O
听	O	O
了	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
哇	O	O
！	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
听	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
想	O	O
听	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
太	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
小	O	O
Ａ	O	O
惊	O	O
喜	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
好	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
小	O	O
Ａ	O	O
一	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
乘	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
就	O	O
“	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
殊	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
听	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
去	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
厅	O	O
买	O	O
张	O	O
入	O	O
场	O	O
券	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
Ａ	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
想	O	O
而	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
家	O	O
这	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
费	O	O
会	O	O
多	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
睁	O	O
大	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
（	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
质	O	O
量	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
行	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
社	O	O
供	O	O
稿	O	O
）	O	O
乘	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
最	O	O
令	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
焦	O	O
虑	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
延	O	O
误	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
为	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
尽	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
总	O	O
局	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
长	O	O
包	O	O
方	O	O
田	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
延	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
物	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
晚	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
；	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
候	O	O
机	O	O
时	O	O
因	O	O
购	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
就	O	O
餐	O	O
、	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
睡	O	O
觉	O	O
等	O	O
错	O	O
过	O	O
登	O	O
机	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
；	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
所	O	O
持	O	O
证	O	O
件	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
李	O	O
超	O	O
大	O	O
超	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
品	O	O
；	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
已	O	O
托	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
李	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
因	O	O
故	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
乘	O	O
机	O	O
；	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
所	O	O
带	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
未	O	O
购	O	O
票	O	O
；	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
登	O	O
机	O	O
牌	O	O
遗	O	O
失	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
包	O	O
方	O	O
田	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
能	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
登	O	O
机	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
模	O	O
特	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
去	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
拿	O	O
大	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
土	O	O
“	O	O
道	O	O
具	O	O
模	O	O
特	O	O
”	O	O
却	O	O
无	O	O
缘	O	O
在	O	O
时	O	O
装	O	O
店	O	O
一	O	O
展	O	O
风	O	O
姿	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
反	O	O
差	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	O
京	E	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
敲	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
威	O	O
风	O	O
锣	O	O
鼓	O	O
，	O	O
配	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
画	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
浓	O	O
郁	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
刘	O	O
凤	O	O
山	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
；	O	O
张	O	O
捷	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
动	O	O
静	O	O
分	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
厨	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
起	O	O
居	O	O
室	O	O
与	O	O
卧	O	O
室	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
分	O	O
离	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
黑	O	O
厅	O	O
”	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
复	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
必	O	O
再	O	O
有	O	O
卧	O	O
室	O	O
兼	O	O
作	O	O
客	O	O
厅	O	O
的	O	O
尴	O	O
尬	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
而	O	O
代	O	O
之	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
宽	O	O
敞	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
、	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
居	O	O
厅	O	O
。	O	O
落	O	O
地	O	O
叶	O	O
窗	O	O
加	O	O
透	O	O
空	O	O
栏	O	O
杆	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
气	O	O
派	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
独	O	O
为	O	O
别	O	O
墅	O	O
写	O	O
字	O	O
楼	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
替	O	O
门	O	O
厅	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
的	O	O
餐	O	O
厅	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
完	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
方	O	O
形	O	O
塔	O	O
楼	O	O
一	O	O
统	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
Ｘ	O	O
形	O	O
、	O	O
Ｙ	O	O
形	O	O
、	O	O
蝶	O	O
形	O	O
等	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
每	O	O
套	O	O
住	O	O
户	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
朝	O	B
阳	O	E
的	O	O
房	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
说	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
二	O	O
版	O	O
有	O	O
篇	O	O
连	O	O
题	O	O
目	O	O
带	O	O
标	O	O
点	O	O
符	O	O
号	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
短	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
《	O	O
不	O	O
图	O	O
“	O	O
面	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
求	O	O
“	O	O
虚	O	O
胖	O	O
”	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
“	O	O
六	O	O
百	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
历	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
居	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
前	O	O
十	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	E
六	O	O
百	O	O
实	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
以	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
“	O	O
把	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
看	O	O
轻	O	O
、	O	O
舍	O	O
弃	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
延	O	O
续	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
纯	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
辅	O	O
以	O	O
毛	O	O
利	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
额	O	O
和	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
额	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
报	O	O
“	O	O
免	O	O
检	O	O
岗	O	O
”	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
岗	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
复	O	O
核	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
人	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
真	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
、	O	O
真	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
不	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
练	O	O
好	O	O
内	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
闹	O	O
心	O	O
岗	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
入	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
与	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
网	O	O
（	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｒ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
）	O	O
已	O	O
连	O	O
接	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
所	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
网	O	O
（	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
）	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
百	O	O
所	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
公	O	O
用	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
（	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
）	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
金	O	O
桥	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
网	O	O
（	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
ｈ	O	O
ｉ	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ａ	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
）	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
站	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
八	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
互	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
和	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
日	O	O
趋	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
接	O	O
入	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
已	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
金	O	O
城	O	O
）	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
匹	O	O
敌	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
远	O	O
程	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
是	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
了	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
时	O	O
空	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
远	O	O
隔	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
地	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
：	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
局	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
入	O	O
网	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
院	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
孙	O	O
俊	O	O
人	O	O
（	O	O
左	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陶	O	O
源	O	O
明	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
▲	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
或	O	O
收	O	O
取	O	O
附	O	O
加	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
或	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
与	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
时	O	O
段	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
能	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
▲	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
你	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
“	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
将	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
地	O	O
址	O	O
印	O	O
在	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
片	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
具	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
省	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
钱	O	O
就	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
地	O	O
址	O	O
也	O	O
使	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
和	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
你	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
你	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
更	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
多	O	O
径	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
软	O	O
切	O	O
换	O	O
”	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
“	O	O
多	O	O
径	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
说	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
内	O	O
置	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
叠	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
噪	O	O
音	O	O
被	O	O
滤	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
音	O	O
就	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
凸	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
劣	O	O
势	O	O
是	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
商	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
奏	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
还	O	O
都	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
漫	O	O
游	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
双	O	O
模	O	O
制	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
网	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
为	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
再	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
还	O	O
原	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
线	O	O
寻	O	O
呼	O	O
正	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
最	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
机	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
寻	O	O
呼	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
会	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
机	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
会	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
寻	O	O
呼	O	O
台	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
存	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
中	O	O
备	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
容	O	O
量	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
为	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
条	O	O
―	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
遗	O	O
漏	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
便	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
窥	O	O
探	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
隐	O	O
私	O	O
或	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
漫	O	O
游	O	O
寻	O	O
呼	O	O
台	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
机	O	O
入	O	O
网	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
寻	O	O
呼	O	O
漫	O	O
游	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
域	O	O
、	O	O
场	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
呼	O	O
台	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
寡	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
劣	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
高	O	O
低	O	O
（	O	O
含	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
收	O	O
取	O	O
“	O	O
漫	O	O
游	O	O
费	O	O
”	O	O
及	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
量	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
）	O	O
等	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
而	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
味	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
漫	O	O
游	O	O
寻	O	O
呼	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
小	O	O
苏	O	O
）	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
：	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
级	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
”	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
级	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
”	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
权	O	O
限	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
弱	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
弊	O	O
端	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
将	O	O
文	O	O
教	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
园	O	O
林	O	O
绿	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
性	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
权	O	O
下	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
将	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
、	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
批	O	O
租	O	O
和	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
权	O	O
限	O	O
下	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
属	O	O
地	O	O
化	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
市	E	E
与	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
分	O	O
税	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
和	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
区	O	O
县	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
增	O	O
幅	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
属	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
值	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
地	O	O
方	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
委	O	O
办	O	O
局	O	O
减	O	O
至	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
《	O	O
省	O	O
区	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
得	O	O
意	O	O
之	O	O
笔	O	O
”	O	O
》	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
刊	O	O
出	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
篇	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
写	O	O
完	O	O
这	O	O
篇	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
语	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
欣	O	O
慰	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
各	O	O
具	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
称	O	O
得	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
篇	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
为	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
坚	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
后	O	O
方	O	O
仓	O	O
库	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
据	O	O
总	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
三	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
曾	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
《	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
仓	O	O
库	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
暂	O	O
行	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
《	O	O
暂	O	O
行	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	M
龙	B	M
海	M	M
市	E	E
角	B	O
美	M	O
镇	E	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
境	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
河	O	O
流	O	O
和	O	O
库	O	O
区	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
闽	B	O
南	E	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
鸭	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
鲜	O	O
鸭	O	O
蛋	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
菜	O	O
鸭	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
只	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
了	O	O
厦	B	B
门	E	E
市	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
生	O	O
贵	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
夏	O	O
B	O	O
、	O	O
彭	O	O
俊	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
切	O	O
身	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
回	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
在	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
核	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
卫	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
壮	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
威	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
威	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
着	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
秦	B	B
山	E	E
、	O	O
大	B	B
亚	M	M
湾	E	E
两	O	O
座	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
并	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
核	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
相	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
核	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
已	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
科	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
核	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
局	O	O
等	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
哈	O	O
马	O	O
迪	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
。	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
议	O	O
长	O	O
阁	O	O
下	O	O
已	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
能	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
哈	O	O
马	O	O
迪	O	O
和	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
马	O	O
迪	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
中	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
愿	O	O
意	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
和	O	O
尘	O	O
土	O	O
包	O	O
围	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
楼	O	O
前	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
夜	O	O
幕	O	O
降	O	O
临	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
医	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
仪	O	O
器	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
分	O	O
头	O	O
去	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
灯	O	O
下	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
封	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
（	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
ｍ	O	O
ａ	O	O
ｉ	O	O
ｌ	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	E
外	O	O
国	O	O
语	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
日	O	O
偶	O	O
然	O	O
读	O	O
到	O	O
你	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
，	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
页	O	O
很	O	O
漂	O	O
亮	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
得	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
恰	O	O
当	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
很	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
网	O	O
站	O	O
所	O	O
办	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
骄	O	O
傲	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
很	O	O
焦	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
想	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
居	O	O
然	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
像	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
』	O	O
而	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
署	O	O
名	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
ａ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
ｋ	O	O
的	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
ｄ	O	O
ｏ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ａ	O	O
ｌ	O	O
ｌ	O	O
ｙ	O	O
ｌ	O	O
ｉ	O	O
ｋ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｙ	O	O
ｏ	O	O
ｕ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
ｓ	O	O
ｉ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
！	O	O
（	O	O
我	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
站	O	O
点	O	O
）	O	O
』	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
驻	O	O
外	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
真	O	O
挚	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
又	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
又	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
总	O	O
领	O	O
事	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
领	O	O
事	O	O
孙	O	O
亮	O	O
（	O	O
音	O	O
译	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
我	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
动	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
在	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
学	O	O
子	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
亲	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
：	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
使	O	O
像	O	O
我	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
读	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
谢	O	O
谢	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
学	O	O
成	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
自	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
辑	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
和	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
库	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
供	O	O
全	O	O
文	O	O
检	O	O
索	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
“	O	O
历	O	O
次	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
辑	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
记	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
峡	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
纪	O	O
实	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
焦	O	O
点	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
的	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
库	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
汕	B	B
头	E	E
的	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
史	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
贵	O	O
报	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
的	O	O
‘	O	O
历	O	O
次	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
’	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
极	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
提	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
网	O	O
页	O	O
上	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
《	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
‘	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
辑	O	O
’	O	O
等	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
库	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
便	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
６	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
将	O	O
新	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
站	O	O
点	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
联	O	O
播	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
早	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
创	O	O
举	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
既	O	O
然	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
效	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
像	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
等	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
容	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
时	O	O
效	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
可	O	O
检	O	O
索	O	O
、	O	O
可	O	O
交	O	O
互	O	O
、	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
崭	O	O
露	O	O
头	O	O
角	O	O
、	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
日	O	O
增	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
任	O	O
重	O	O
而	O	O
道	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
愿	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
部	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
种	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
种	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
资	O	O
质	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
塔	O	O
吊	O	O
拆	O	O
装	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
证	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
造	O	O
价	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
执	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
造	O	O
价	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
资	O	O
质	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
甲	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
造	O	O
价	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
评	O	O
审	O	O
公	O	O
告	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
质	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
热	O	O
力	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
质	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
等	O	O
铜	O	O
牌	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
质	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
均	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
）	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
湘	B	B
乡	E	E
、	O	O
醴	B	O
陵	E	O
、	O	O
临	B	O
澧	E	O
三	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
』	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
获	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
一	O	O
八	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
超	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
样	O	O
板	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
亩	O	O
产	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
；	O	O
九	O	O
点	O	O
七	O	O
四	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
亩	O	O
产	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
四	O	O
五	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
亩	O	O
产	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
零	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
零	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
亩	O	O
产	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
九	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
点	O	O
三	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
章	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
章	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
条	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
境	O	O
内	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
并	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
下	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
由	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
价	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
权	O	O
限	O	O
和	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
章	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
条	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
取	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
价	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
内	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
条	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
明	O	O
码	O	O
标	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
明	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
名	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
、	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
、	O	O
计	O	O
价	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
等	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
降	O	O
价	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
鲜	O	O
活	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
性	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
积	O	O
压	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
排	O	O
挤	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
独	O	O
占	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
倾	O	O
销	O	O
，	O	O
扰	O	O
乱	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
六	O	O
）	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
抬	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
压	O	O
低	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
等	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
相	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
压	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
条	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
本	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
五	O	O
）	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
性	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
目	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
供	O	O
求	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
承	O	O
受	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
购	O	O
销	O	O
差	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
批	O	O
零	O	O
差	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
差	O	O
价	O	O
和	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
差	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
条	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
向	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
条	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
总	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
承	O	O
受	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
总	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
当	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
和	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
对	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
限	O	O
定	O	O
差	O	O
价	O	O
率	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
限	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
提	O	O
价	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
调	O	O
价	O	O
备	O	O
案	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
章	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
查	O	O
询	O	O
、	O	O
复	O	O
制	O	O
与	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
账	O	O
簿	O	O
、	O	O
单	O	O
据	O	O
、	O	O
凭	O	O
证	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
对	O	O
与	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
条	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
如	O	O
实	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
所	O	O
必	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
账	O	O
簿	O	O
、	O	O
单	O	O
据	O	O
、	O	O
凭	O	O
证	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
对	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
条	O	O
所	O	O
列	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
改	O	O
正	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
收	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
并	O	O
处	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
五	O	O
倍	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
；	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
并	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
；	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
停	O	O
业	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
由	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
吊	O	O
销	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
执	O	O
照	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
条	O	O
所	O	O
列	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
及	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
另	O	O
有	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
条	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
被	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
暂	O	O
停	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
、	O	O
隐	O	O
匿	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
、	O	O
隐	O	O
匿	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
一	O	O
倍	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
三	O	O
倍	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
七	O	O
章	O	O
附	O	O
则	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
经	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
价	O	O
格	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
总	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
欺	O	O
诈	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
歧	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
牟	O	O
取	O	O
暴	O	O
利	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
变	O	O
相	O	O
涨	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
乱	O	O
涨	O	O
价	O	O
等	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
因	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
给	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
它	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
切	O	O
身	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
用	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
性	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
要	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
听	O	O
证	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
；	O	O
它	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
对	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
将	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
又	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
青	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
的	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
贾	O	O
庆	O	O
林	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	O
京	M	O
市	E	O
要	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
齐	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
浓	O	O
烈	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
和	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
结	O	O
硕	O	O
果	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
率	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
严	O	O
查	O	O
套	O	O
汇	O	O
骗	O	O
汇	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
据	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
团	O	O
伙	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
、	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
及	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
假	O	O
报	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
某	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
骗	O	O
汇	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
案	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
人	O	O
犯	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
押	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
案	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
亦	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
惩	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
据	O	O
查	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
某	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
将	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
以	O	O
侨	O	O
汇	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
汇	O	O
给	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
的	O	O
数	O	O
个	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
结	O	O
汇	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
购	O	O
股	O	O
炒	O	O
汇	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
利	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
涉	O	O
案	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
惩	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
责	O	O
其	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
汇	O	O
入	O	O
境	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
三	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
费	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
用	O	O
其	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
充	O	O
作	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
境	O	O
内	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
货	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
假	O	O
单	O	O
据	O	O
购	O	O
汇	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
赚	O	O
取	O	O
汇	O	O
差	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
案	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
巨	O	O
龙	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
并	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
Ｊ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
程	O	O
控	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
邓	O	O
浩	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
郑	O	O
盛	O	O
丰	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
昌	O	O
爱	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
广	O	O
西	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
曹	O	O
伯	O	O
纯	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
治	O	O
党	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
“	O	O
治	O	O
官	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
党	O	O
内	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
腐	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
奢	O	O
侈	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
风	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
中	O	O
大	O	O
案	O	O
要	O	O
案	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
已	O	O
查	O	O
清	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
起	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
腐	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
奢	O	O
侈	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
曝	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
中	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
震	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
太	O	O
原	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
多	O	O
占	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
向	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
备	O	O
案	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
交	O	O
旧	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
为	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
要	O	O
房	O	O
等	O	O
硬	O	O
性	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
达	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
从	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
下	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
侮	O	O
辱	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
字	O	O
眼	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
称	O	O
呼	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
贵	O	O
贱	O	O
。	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
这	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
太	O	O
阳	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
保	O	O
姆	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
太	O	O
落	O	O
伍	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
；	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
了	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
侮	O	O
辱	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
洪	O	O
标	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
镇	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
管	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
云	O	O
峰	O	O
也	O	O
以	O	O
拼	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
来	O	O
珍	O	O
惜	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
刻	O	O
苦	O	O
自	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
《	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
因	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
与	O	O
土	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
上	O	O
法	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
云	O	O
峰	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
会	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
余	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
云	O	O
峰	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
自	O	O
学	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
考	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
大	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
群	O	O
众	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
变	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
各	O	O
级	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
还	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
了	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
深	O	O
圳	O	O
市	O	O
南	O	O
山	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
级	O	O
查	O	O
勤	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
查	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
查	O	O
和	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
等	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
信	O	O
访	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
惠	B	O
州	M	O
市	E	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
共	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
信	O	O
访	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
尹	O	O
仲	O	O
利	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
鞍	B	B
山	M	M
市	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
歹	O	O
徒	O	O
结	O	O
伙	O	O
持	O	O
枪	O	O
抢	O	O
劫	O	O
警	O	O
用	O	O
枪	O	O
支	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
鞍	B	B
山	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
经	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
获	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
王	O	O
振	O	O
亚	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
伟	O	O
潜	O	O
逃	O	O
在	O	O
大	B	B
石	M	M
桥	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
线	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
与	O	O
营	B	O
口	M	O
市	E	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
通	O	O
力	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
密	O	O
设	O	O
伏	O	O
围	O	O
捕	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
５	O	O
时	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
王	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
伏	O	O
击	O	O
圈	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
守	O	O
候	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
开	O	O
枪	O	O
射	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
振	O	O
亚	O	O
身	O	O
中	O	O
数	O	O
弹	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
场	O	O
毙	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
伟	O	O
左	O	O
手	O	O
掌	O	O
被	O	O
枪	O	O
弹	O	O
击	O	O
穿	O	O
后	O	O
仓	O	O
惶	O	O
逃	O	O
窜	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
走	O	O
投	O	O
无	O	O
路	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
晚	O	O
９	O	O
时	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
向	O	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
自	O	O
首	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
燕	O	O
慧	O	O
英	O	O
张	O	O
广	O	O
志	O	O
）	O	O
去	O	O
冬	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	M	M
市	E	E
四	O	O
大	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
既	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
《	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
章	O	O
程	O	O
》	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
让	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
在	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
衔	O	O
接	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
空	O	O
当	O	O
？	O	O
石	O	O
家	O	O
庄	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
：	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
法	O	O
检	O	O
二	O	O
长	O	O
由	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
任	O	O
党	O	O
内	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
了	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
丹	B	B
东	M	M
市	E	E
部	O	O
分	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
优	O	O
待	O	O
军	O	O
嫂	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
调	O	O
岗	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
留	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
党	O	O
建	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
十	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
而	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
的	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
部	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
云	O	O
山	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
院	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
沈	O	O
达	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
总	O	O
监	O	O
黎	O	O
中	O	O
城	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	B
连	O	E
艺	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
马	O	O
明	O	O
捷	O	O
等	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
红	O	O
极	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
落	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
群	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
从	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
却	O	O
警	O	O
醒	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
要	O	O
稳	O	O
住	O	O
阵	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
放	O	O
远	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
与	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
与	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
、	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
团	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
办	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
、	O	O
辅	O	O
导	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
社	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
等	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
团	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
在	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
新	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
荷	B	B
兰	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
那	B	B
曲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
连	O	O
续	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
严	O	O
冬	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
缺	O	O
衣	O	O
断	O	O
粮	O	O
、	O	O
断	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
西	B	B
藏	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
以	O	O
及	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
调	O	O
拨	O	O
、	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
那	B	B
曲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
目	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
疏	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
辆	O	O
推	O	O
土	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
山	O	O
口	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
要	O	O
道	O	O
畅	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
四	O	O
县	O	O
就	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
疏	O	O
通	O	O
被	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
封	O	O
阻	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
抢	O	O
运	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
和	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
。	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
第	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
节	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
隆	O	O
重	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
节	O	O
在	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
之	O	O
乡	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
、	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
等	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
北	O	O
国	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
松	B	B
花	M	M
江	E	E
职	O	O
工	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
乐	O	O
园	O	O
冰	O	O
封	O	O
的	O	O
江	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
乘	O	O
冰	O	O
帆	O	O
滑	O	O
翔	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
确	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
方	O	O
安	O	O
生	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
、	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
办	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
廖	O	O
晖	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
她	O	O
，	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
将	O	O
就	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
及	O	O
禽	O	O
流	O	O
感	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
与	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
和	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
紧	O	O
密	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
禽	O	O
流	O	O
感	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
戊	O	O
寅	O	O
年	O	O
》	O	O
２	O	O
枚	O	O
特	O	O
种	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
名	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
虎	O	O
虎	O	O
生	O	O
威	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
气	O	O
贯	O	O
长	O	O
虹	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
值	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
×	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
可	O	O
望	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
淡	O	O
水	O	O
阿	B	O
其	M	O
克	M	O
谷	M	O
地	E	O
勘	O	O
查	O	O
出	O	O
淡	O	O
水	O	O
富	O	O
存	O	O
区	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
地	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
勘	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
孙	O	O
晓	O	O
明	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B	O
其	M	O
克	M	O
谷	M	O
地	E	O
圈	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
仪	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
矿	O	O
化	O	O
度	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
饮	O	O
用	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
量	O	O
充	O	O
沛	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
补	O	O
给	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
淡	O	O
水	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
冷	O	O
水	O	O
性	O	O
珍	O	O
稀	O	O
鱼	O	O
类	O	O
获	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
８	O	O
种	O	O
濒	O	O
危	O	O
鱼	O	O
类	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
珍	O	O
稀	O	O
名	O	O
贵	O	O
冷	O	O
水	O	O
性	O	O
鱼	O	O
类	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
学	O	O
及	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
增	O	O
殖	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
黑	O	O
龙	O	O
江	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
郑	O	O
德	O	O
刚	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
口	O	O
岸	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
由	O	O
广	B	O
东	E	O
过	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
、	O	O
货	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
凭	O	O
借	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
缘	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
缘	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
外	O	O
贸	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
跃	O	O
居	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
外	O	O
贸	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
以	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
占	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
顺	B	B
德	E	E
，	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
科	O	O
龙	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
与	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
华	O	O
宝	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
并	O	O
肩	O	O
而	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
器	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
敢	O	O
同	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
较	O	O
劲	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
龙	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
中	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
无	O	O
氟	O	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
、	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
全	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
除	O	O
霜	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
、	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
风	O	O
靡	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
转	O	O
印	O	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
外	O	O
观	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
在	O	O
华	O	O
宝	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
噪	O	O
音	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
热	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
耗	O	O
资	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
集	O	O
成	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
凭	O	O
借	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
值	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
东	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
侨	O	O
乡	O	O
潮	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
旅	O	O
居	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
和	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
这	O	O
张	O	O
“	O	O
侨	O	O
牌	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
侨	O	O
属	O	O
的	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
潮	B	O
州	E	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
打	O	O
入	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
潮	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
立	O	O
市	O	O
”	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
立	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
兴	O	O
贵	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
海	B	O
口	E	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
还	O	O
办	O	O
在	O	O
庙	O	O
宇	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
地	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
所	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
园	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
焕	O	O
然	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
宽	O	O
敞	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
洁	O	O
的	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
语	O	O
音	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
劳	O	O
作	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
应	O	O
俱	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
园	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
谁	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
！	O	O
海	B	B
口	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
地	O	O
比	O	O
喻	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
播	O	O
种	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
是	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
归	O	O
根	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
则	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
域	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
省	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
教	O	O
育	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
地	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
就	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
赶	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
比	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
花	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
更	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
的	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
海	B	B
口	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
耕	O	O
耘	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
与	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
成	O	O
正	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
海	B	B
口	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
曾	O	O
去	O	O
过	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
就	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
过	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
分	O	O
院	O	O
有	O	O
位	O	O
叫	O	O
吕	O	O
纯	O	O
操	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
七	O	O
下	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
尽	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
地	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
科	O	O
考	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
归	O	O
来	O	O
后	O	O
却	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
力	O	O
仪	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
从	O	O
智	B	B
利	E	E
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
到	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	M
南	M	M
极	M	M
长	M	M
城	M	M
站	E	E
、	O	O
中	B	B
山	M	M
站	E	E
的	O	O
重	O	O
力	O	O
基	O	O
点	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
西	B	O
南	M	O
极	E	O
乔	B	O
治	M	O
亚	M	O
岛	E	O
高	O	O
精	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
力	O	O
网	O	O
和	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
极	E	M
拉	B	M
斯	M	M
曼	E	M
丘	O	M
陵	O	M
区	O	E
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
高	O	O
精	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
力	O	O
测	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
长	B	B
城	M	M
站	E	E
、	O	O
中	B	B
山	M	M
站	E	E
的	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
固	O	O
体	O	O
潮	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
共	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
考	O	O
察	O	O
使	O	O
你	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
光	O	O
荣	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
爱	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
结	O	O
婚	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
是	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
成	O	O
家	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
积	O	O
蓄	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
她	O	O
从	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
同	O	O
我	O	O
吵	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
嘴	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
考	O	O
察	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
班	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
后	O	O
得	O	O
带	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
婆	O	O
婆	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
‘	O	O
最	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
’	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
怕	O	O
的	O	O
病	O	O
魔	O	O
侵	O	O
入	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
爱	O	O
人	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
被	O	O
确	O	O
诊	O	O
为	O	O
乳	O	O
腺	O	O
癌	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
沉	O	O
默	O	O
片	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
极	O	O
地	O	O
重	O	O
力	O	O
场	O	O
与	O	O
固	O	O
体	O	O
潮	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
将	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
顾	O	O
及	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
两	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
尹	O	O
鸿	O	O
祝	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毕	O	O
全	O	O
忠	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
集	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
让	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
司	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
及	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
片	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
催	O	O
生	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
“	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
千	O	O
人	O	O
本	O	O
字	O	O
典	O	O
从	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
手	O	O
迹	O	O
中	O	O
精	O	O
选	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
字	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
起	O	O
草	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
件	O	O
等	O	O
手	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
未	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
及	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	O
开	E	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
收	O	O
录	O	O
了	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
签	O	O
名	O	O
和	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
手	O	O
迹	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
特	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
字	O	O
典	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
后	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
异	O	O
军	O	O
突	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
自	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
萌	O	O
芽	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
便	O	O
焕	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
及	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
均	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
长	O	O
足	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
望	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
也	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
开	O	O
得	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
、	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
位	O	O
演	O	O
讲	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
介	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
、	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
还	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
：	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
传	O	O
媒	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
轮	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
者	O	O
缺	O	O
一	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
其	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
、	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
合	B	B
肥	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
杰	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
士	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
八	O	O
运	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
大	O	O
省	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
符	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
争	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
符	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
卧	O	O
薪	O	O
尝	O	O
胆	O	O
，	O	O
奋	O	O
发	O	O
图	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
安	O	O
徽	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
助	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
省	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
八	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
和	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
九	O	O
运	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
众	O	O
口	O	O
一	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
誓	O	O
图	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
强	O	O
省	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
球	O	O
要	O	O
属	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
南	O	O
钢	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
扳	O	O
倒	O	O
八	O	O
一	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
队	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
查	O	O
理	O	O
・	O	O
曼	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
詹	O	O
姆	O	O
斯	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
扣	O	O
篮	O	O
，	O	O
拼	O	O
抢	O	O
篮	O	O
板	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
有	O	O
胡	O	O
卫	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
苑	O	O
志	O	O
南	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
青	O	O
山	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
三	O	O
分	O	O
远	O	O
投	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
淋	O	O
漓	O	O
尽	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
队	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
遇	O	O
强	O	O
不	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
遇	O	O
弱	O	O
不	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
痼	O	O
疾	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
能	O	O
赢	O	O
八	O	O
一	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
输	O	O
给	O	O
济	O	O
南	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
蓝	O	O
剑	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
忽	O	O
起	O	O
忽	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
捉	O	O
摸	O	O
不	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
榜	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
于	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
至	O	O
六	O	O
名	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
男	O	O
篮	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
一	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
更	O	O
前	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
位	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
位	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
晓	O	O
春	O	O
、	O	O
丰	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
祖	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
小	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
汪	O	O
见	O	O
虹	O	O
和	O	O
聂	O	O
卫	O	O
平	O	O
６	O	O
位	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
闯	O	O
过	O	O
头	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
郑	O	O
弘	O	O
、	O	O
曹	O	O
大	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
肇	O	O
毅	O	O
和	O	O
俞	O	O
斌	O	O
４	O	O
位	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
则	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
被	O	O
女	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
丰	O	O
云	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
罗	O	O
洗	O	O
河	O	O
六	O	O
段	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
耀	O	O
宇	O	O
四	O	O
段	O	O
、	O	O
丁	O	O
伟	O	O
五	O	O
段	O	O
３	O	O
位	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
出	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
高	O	O
段	O	O
位	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
也	O	O
败	O	O
在	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
手	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
霞	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
昭	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
鲁	O	O
能	O	O
泰	O	O
山	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
暨	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
鲁	O	O
能	O	O
泰	O	O
山	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
揭	O	O
牌	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
袁	O	O
伟	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
山	B	O
东	E	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
史	O	O
大	O	O
桢	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
山	B	O
东	E	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
把	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
办	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
袁	O	O
伟	O	O
民	O	O
也	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
鲁	O	O
能	O	O
泰	O	O
山	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
办	O	O
成	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
闯	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
新	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
协	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
暨	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
者	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
逾	O	O
百	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
都	O	O
较	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
或	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
广	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
和	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
议	O	O
透	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
袖	O	O
手	O	O
旁	O	O
观	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
性	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
将	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
的	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
差	O	O
额	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
准	O	O
入	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
龃	O	O
龉	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
了	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
求	O	O
之	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
为	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
模	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
模	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
画	O	O
上	O	O
句	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
“	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
和	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
模	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
时	O	O
；	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
过	O	O
热	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
降	O	O
温	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
矫	O	O
正	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
袖	O	O
手	O	O
旁	O	O
观	O	O
到	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
想	O	O
向	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
马	O	O
歇	O	O
尔	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
逼	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
“	O	O
就	O	O
范	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
。	O	O
陷	O	O
于	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
吞	O	O
下	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
开	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
苦	O	O
药	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
苛	O	O
刻	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
对	O	O
内	O	O
紧	O	O
缩	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
将	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
微	O	O
妙	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
肯	B	O
尼	M	O
亚	E	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
中	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
在	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
获	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
莫	O	O
伊	O	O
在	O	O
滨	B	O
海	E	O
、	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
、	O	O
裂	B	O
谷	E	O
、	O	O
东	B	O
方	E	O
、	O	O
西	B	O
方	E	O
等	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
尼	B	B
安	M	M
萨	M	M
省	E	E
和	O	O
内	B	B
罗	M	M
毕	M	M
特	M	M
区	E	E
被	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
。	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
贯	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
及	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
殖	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
霸	O	O
权	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
《	O	O
吉	B	B
尔	M	M
吉	M	M
斯	E	E
言	O	O
论	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
卡	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
吉	O	O
在	O	O
独	B	O
联	M	O
体	E	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
吉	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
在	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
低	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
塔	O	O
乌	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
塔	B	B
吉	M	M
克	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
拉	O	O
赫	O	O
莫	O	O
诺	O	O
夫	O	O
是	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
塔	B	O
什	M	O
干	E	O
对	O	O
乌	B	B
兹	M	M
别	M	M
克	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
纳	O	O
扎	O	O
尔	O	O
巴	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B	O
拉	M	O
木	M	O
图	E	O
哈	O	O
萨	O	O
克	O	O
阿	O	O
里	O	O
法	O	O
拉	O	O
比	O	O
国	O	O
立	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
哈	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
前	O	O
茅	O	O
。	O	O
哈	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
储	O	O
蓄	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
内	O	O
阁	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
争	O	O
吵	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
愤	O	O
然	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
与	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
拖	O	O
延	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
内	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
缩	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
相	O	O
左	O	O
。	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
的	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
使	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
库	O	O
德	O	O
右	O	O
翼	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
给	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
投	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
阴	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
中	B	B
东	E	E
事	O	O
务	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
员	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
原	O	O
定	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
和	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
和	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
商	O	O
谈	O	O
拟	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
―	O	O
以	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
―	O	O
巴	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
事	O	O
宜	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
之	O	O
争	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
政	O	O
坛	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
已	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
行	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
不	O	O
休	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
乱	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
安	O	O
排	O	O
的	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
滞	O	O
缓	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
拖	O	O
再	O	O
拖	O	O
的	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
使	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
另	O	O
辟	O	O
蹊	O	O
径	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
做	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
让	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
两	O	O
翼	O	O
都	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
莫	O	O
迪	O	O
凯	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
沙	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
两	O	O
度	O	O
乘	O	O
直	O	O
升	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
圈	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
勘	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
内	O	O
定	O	O
撤	O	O
出	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
岸	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
要	O	O
求	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
军	O	O
队	O	O
“	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
少	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
美	O	O
以	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
会	O	O
晤	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
决	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
在	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
他	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
以	O	O
军	O	O
在	O	O
西	O	O
岸	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
细	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
莫	O	O
迪	O	O
凯	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
按	O	O
已	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
从	O	O
西	O	O
岸	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
如	O	O
期	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
就	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
与	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
和	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
三	O	O
方	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
都	O	O
一	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
获	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
莫	O	O
迪	O	O
凯	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
又	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
耶	B	B
路	M	M
撒	M	M
冷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
戚	O	O
德	O	O
良	O	O
）	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
深	O	O
表	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
辞	O	O
呈	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
巴	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
布	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
胡	O	O
图	O	O
族	O	O
叛	O	O
乱	O	O
者	O	O
立	B	B
陶	M	M
宛	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
揭	O	O
晓	O	O
“	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
”	O	O
景	O	O
美	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
多	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
哥	B	B
斯	M	M
达	M	M
黎	M	M
加	E	E
见	O	O
闻	O	O
（	O	O
上	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
哥	B	B
斯	M	M
达	M	M
黎	M	M
加	E	E
有	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
采	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
哥	B	B
斯	M	M
达	M	M
黎	M	M
加	E	E
分	O	O
为	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
形	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
部	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
圣	B	B
何	M	M
塞	E	E
时	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
见	O	O
山	O	O
坡	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
披	O	O
着	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
绿	O	O
装	O	O
：	O	O
浅	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
牧	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
香	O	O
蕉	O	O
林	O	O
和	O	O
甘	O	O
蔗	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
墨	O	O
绿	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
纵	O	O
横	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
园	O	O
和	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
太	B	B
平	M	M
洋	E	E
沿	O	O
岸	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
岸	O	O
曲	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
沙	O	O
滩	O	O
松	O	O
软	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
半	O	O
岛	O	O
和	O	O
海	O	O
湾	O	O
。	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
大	B	B
西	M	M
洋	E	E
一	O	O
侧	O	O
的	O	O
加	B	B
勒	M	M
比	M	M
低	E	M
地	O	M
区	O	E
多	O	O
为	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
和	O	O
沼	O	O
泽	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
领	O	O
土	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
５	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
降	O	O
雨	O	O
量	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
沃	O	O
土	O	O
。	O	O
哥	B	B
斯	M	M
达	M	M
黎	M	M
加	E	E
的	O	O
国	O	O
土	O	O
只	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
陆	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
万	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
却	O	O
占	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
仅	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
蝴	O	O
蝶	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
愧	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
美	M	M
洲	E	E
的	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
称	O	O
。	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
取	O	O
决	O	O
于	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
哥	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
次	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
和	O	O
餐	O	O
馆	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
美	O	B
洲	O	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
为	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
期	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
圣	B	O
何	M	O
塞	E	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
馆	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
的	O	O
导	O	O
游	O	O
和	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
待	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
宾	O	O
至	O	O
如	O	O
归	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
了	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
中	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
条	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
定	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
盟	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
阿	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
将	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
从	O	O
其	O	O
国	O	O
土	O	O
上	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
根	O	O
除	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
跨	O	O
地	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
四	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
同	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
纳	O	O
粹	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
被	O	O
打	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
挪	B	B
威	E	E
和	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
纳	O	O
粹	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
在	O	O
斯	B	B
德	M	M
哥	M	M
尔	M	M
摩	E	E
北	O	O
郊	O	O
布	B	O
罗	M	O
特	M	O
比	E	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
煽	O	O
动	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
仇	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
纳	O	O
粹	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
用	O	O
酒	O	O
瓶	O	O
、	O	O
灭	O	O
火	O	O
器	O	O
等	O	O
器	O	O
具	O	O
攻	O	O
击	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
共	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
一	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
新	O	O
纳	O	O
粹	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
官	O	O
方	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
的	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
已	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
以	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
地	B	B
中	M	M
海	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
、	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
和	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
三	O	O
方	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
驻	O	O
约	B	O
旦	E	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
艾	O	O
哈	O	O
迈	O	O
德	O	O
・	O	O
苏	O	O
哈	O	O
・	O	O
奥	O	O
马	O	O
尔	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
，	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
只	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
声	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
『	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
营	O	O
救	O	O
和	O	O
搜	O	O
索	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
纯	O	O
粹	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
亚	B	O
洲	E	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
望	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
比	O	O
往	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
放	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
仍	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
最	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
临	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
大	O	O
街	O	O
小	O	O
巷	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
虎	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
挂	O	O
历	O	O
和	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
卡	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
虎	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
角	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
玩	O	O
具	O	O
虎	O	O
随	O	O
处	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
拳	O	O
头	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
绒	O	O
布	O	O
虎	O	O
，	O	O
售	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
售	O	O
价	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
（	O	O
约	O	O
合	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
玩	O	O
具	O	O
虎	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
采	O	O
购	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
选	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
变	O	O
小	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
俗	O	O
、	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
艳	O	O
丽	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
青	O	O
云	O	O
直	O	O
上	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
居	O	O
民	O	O
马	O	O
夫	O	O
罗	O	O
季	O	O
三	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
声	O	O
称	O	O
其	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
之	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
全	O	O
俄	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
凌	O	O
厉	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
攻	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
家	O	O
喻	O	O
户	O	O
晓	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
其	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
财	O	O
。	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
字	O	O
塔	O	O
式	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
欺	O	O
诈	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
人	O	O
拟	O	O
订	O	O
筹	O	O
资	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
诱	O	O
惑	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
参	O	O
股	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
量	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
向	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
往	O	O
复	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
所	O	O
筹	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
金	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
能	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
足	O	O
以	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
兑	O	O
付	O	O
与	O	O
年	O	O
终	O	O
分	O	O
红	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
摇	O	O
，	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
抛	O	O
售	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
或	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
兑	O	O
付	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
字	O	O
塔	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
倒	O	O
塌	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
较	O	O
晚	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
将	O	O
血	O	O
本	O	O
无	O	O
归	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
欺	O	O
诈	O	O
的	O	O
牺	O	O
牲	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
金	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
绍	O	O
罗	O	O
什	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
加	B	O
拿	M	O
大	E	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
币	O	O
舍	O	O
里	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
泰	B	O
国	E	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
爆	O	O
发	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
创	O	O
汇	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
铢	O	O
（	O	O
约	O	O
合	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
景	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
已	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
借	O	O
贷	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
铢	O	O
整	O	O
修	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
景	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
以	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
、	O	O
普	B	B
吉	E	E
、	O	O
帕	B	B
塔	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
清	B	O
迈	E	O
等	O	O
老	O	O
景	O	O
点	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
清	B	O
莱	E	O
、	O	O
华	B	O
欣	E	O
、	O	O
苏	B	B
梅	M	M
岛	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
景	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
将	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
大	B	O
城	E	O
、	O	O
素	B	O
可	M	O
泰	E	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
古	O	O
迹	O	O
游	O	O
；	O	O
清	B	O
迈	E	O
、	O	O
清	B	O
莱	E	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
俗	O	O
风	O	O
趣	O	O
游	O	O
；	O	O
华	B	O
欣	E	O
、	O	O
罗	B	O
勇	E	O
的	O	O
休	O	O
闲	O	O
度	O	O
假	O	O
游	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
、	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
期	O	O
盼	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
年	O	O
能	O	O
给	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
好	O	O
兆	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
星	O	O
云	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
不	O	O
光	O	O
是	O	O
好	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
等	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
演	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
报	O	O
纸	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
星	O	O
云	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
哈	O	O
勃	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
星	O	O
云	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
绚	O	O
丽	O	O
多	O	O
姿	O	O
？	O	O
天	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
后	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
与	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
星	O	O
、	O	O
褐	O	O
矮	O	O
星	O	O
或	O	O
更	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
所	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
戴	O	O
维	O	O
斯	O	O
加	O	O
利	O	O
福	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
表	O	O
皮	O	O
在	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
期	O	O
更	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	O
国	E	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
催	O	O
熟	O	O
保	O	O
鲜	O	O
剂	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
可	O	O
使	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
又	O	O
可	O	O
使	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
较	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
塞	B	B
恩	M	M
斯	M	M
伯	M	M
里	E	E
等	O	O
超	O	O
级	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
签	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
鼻	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
它	O	O
可	O	O
判	O	O
断	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
快	O	O
要	O	O
腐	O	O
烂	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
肖	O	O
成	O	O
林	O	O
）	O	O
乘	O	O
热	O	O
气	O	O
球	O	O
环	O	O
球	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
探	O	O
险	O	O
家	O	O
斯	O	O
・	O	O
福	O	O
塞	O	O
特	O	O
在	O	O
黑	B	B
海	E	E
上	O	O
空	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
取	O	O
暖	O	O
器	O	O
出	O	O
故	O	O
障	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
停	O	O
飞	O	O
。	O	O
乱	O	O
投	O	O
食	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
悲	O	O
剧	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
昆	B	B
明	E	M
动	O	M
物	O	M
园	O	E
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
将	O	O
铁	O	O
笼	O	O
加	O	O
密	O	O
增	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
防	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
笼	O	O
中	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
虎	O	O
是	O	O
豹	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
雀	O	O
是	O	O
鸡	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
分	O	O
辨	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
节	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
园	O	O
便	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
战	O	O
备	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
四	O	O
处	O	O
巡	O	O
视	O	O
、	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
的	O	O
越	O	O
轨	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
即	O	O
便	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
的	O	O
毛	O	O
病	O	O
仍	O	O
比	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
高	O	O
出	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
昆	B	O
明	M	O
动	M	O
物	M	O
园	E	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
园	O	O
里	O	O
也	O	O
时	O	O
常	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
逛	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
想	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
出	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
捕	O	O
食	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
逃	O	O
避	O	O
敌	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
课	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
》	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
焦	O	O
灼	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
投	O	O
向	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
和	O	O
显	O	O
而	O	O
易	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
动	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
美	O	O
誉	O	O
的	O	O
云	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
，	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
省	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
局	O	O
宣	O	O
教	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
二	O	O
三	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
师	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
都	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
。	O	O
些	O	O
微	O	O
小	O	O
事	O	O
看	O	O
温	B	B
州	E	E
（	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
随	O	O
笔	O	O
）	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
傍	O	O
晚	O	O
６	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
女	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
再	O	O
回	O	O
城	O	O
去	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
七	O	O
八	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
她	O	O
该	O	O
休	O	O
息	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
却	O	O
劲	O	O
头	O	O
十	O	O
足	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
车	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
搭	O	O
档	O	O
轮	O	O
流	O	O
着	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
温	B	B
州	E	E
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
过	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
夫	O	O
妻	O	O
轮	O	O
流	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
轮	O	O
流	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
轮	O	O
流	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
车	O	O
轮	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
都	O	O
说	O	O
温	B	B
州	E	E
人	O	O
富	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
温	B	B
州	E	E
人	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
腰	O	O
包	O	O
鼓	O	O
鼓	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
温	B	B
州	E	E
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
碰	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
质	O	O
彬	O	O
彬	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
把	O	O
钱	O	O
掰	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
有	O	O
位	O	O
“	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
大	O	O
王	O	O
”	O	O
吩	O	O
咐	O	O
清	O	O
扫	O	O
工	O	O
：	O	O
扫	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
不	O	O
许	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
倒	O	O
掉	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
先	O	O
将	O	O
布	O	O
头	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
拣	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
回	O	O
收	O	O
废	O	O
布	O	O
头	O	O
卖	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
发	O	O
给	O	O
清	O	O
扫	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
写	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
好	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
封	O	O
来	O	O
函	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
是	O	O
温	B	O
州	M	O
市	E	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
是	O	O
温	B	B
州	E	E
新	O	O
商	O	O
人	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
巧	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
封	O	O
上	O	O
都	O	O
贴	O	O
着	O	O
打	O	O
印	O	O
的	O	O
字	O	O
条	O	O
：	O	O
邮	O	O
编	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
址	O	O
、	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
字	O	O
条	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
面	O	O
打	O	O
过	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
废	O	O
纸	O	O
再	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
杰	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
欠	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
要	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
与	O	O
东	O	O
南	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
等	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
拼	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
走	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
冒	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
闯	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
“	O	O
冒	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
气	O	O
呀	O	O
、	O	O
劲	O	O
呀	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
走	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
新	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
干	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
卡	O	O
通	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
夜	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
点	O	O
子	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
独	O	O
特	O	O
地	O	O
域	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
漫	O	O
长	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
的	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
留	O	O
驻	O	O
温	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
浪	O	O
漫	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
人	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
沉	O	O
甸	O	O
甸	O	O
的	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O
深	O	O
秋	O	O
时	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
黑	B	B
龙	M	M
江	E	E
日	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
版	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
天	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
步	O	O
行	O	O
街	O	O
无	O	O
冬	O	O
天	O	O
点	O	O
子	O	O
大	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
人	O	O
就	O	O
献	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
个	O	O
点	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
优	O	O
中	O	O
取	O	O
优	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
卡	O	O
通	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
夜	O	O
”	O	O
脱	O	O
颖	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
沸	O	O
宇	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
八	O	O
家	O	O
户	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
何	O	O
占	O	O
山	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
早	O	O
忙	O	O
到	O	O
晚	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
值	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
谁	O	O
敢	O	O
不	O	O
兢	O	O
兢	O	O
业	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
只	O	O
争	O	O
朝	O	O
夕	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
武	B	B
清	M	M
县	E	E
史	B	B
各	M	M
庄	M	M
镇	E	E
的	O	O
飞	O	O
鹰	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
以	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
城	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
河	B	O
西	M	O
区	E	O
区	O	O
属	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
级	O	O
甲	O	O
等	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
河	O	O
西	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
嫁	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
不	O	O
悔	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
访	O	O
病	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
戴	O	O
碧	O	O
蓉	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
戴	O	O
碧	O	O
蓉	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
病	O	O
魔	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
；	O	O
并	O	O
借	O	O
此	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
富	O	O
强	O	O
而	O	O
辛	O	O
勤	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
厚	O	O
待	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
戴	O	O
碧	O	O
蓉	O	O
便	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
动	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
串	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
良	O	O
知	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
遇	O	O
上	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
犹	O	O
豫	O	O
冲	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
罢	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
她	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
脆	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O
戴	O	O
碧	O	O
蓉	O	O
不	O	O
无	O	O
辛	O	O
酸	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
生	O	O
下	O	O
后	O	O
才	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
患	O	O
有	O	O
先	O	O
天	O	O
性	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
给	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
治	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
欠	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
债	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
保	O	O
住	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
生	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
患	O	O
上	O	O
先	O	O
天	O	O
性	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
羽	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
鸽	O	O
在	O	O
河	B	B
南	E	E
郑	B	B
州	E	E
绿	B	B
城	E	M
广	O	M
场	O	E
落	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
的	O	O
新	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
江	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
就	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
无	O	O
数	O	O
难	O	O
解	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
便	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
未	O	O
知	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
去	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
在	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
上	O	O
驾	O	O
驭	O	O
和	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
抱	O	O
着	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
墨	O	O
守	O	O
成	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
于	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
也	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
沾	O	O
沾	O	O
自	O	O
喜	O	O
，	O	O
停	O	O
滞	O	O
不	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
与	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
新	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
支	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
支	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
支	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
把	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
具	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
和	O	O
概	O	O
括	O	O
出	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
其	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
等	O	O
；	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
及	O	O
新	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
；	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
或	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
或	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
和	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
京	O	O
青	O	O
联	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
自	O	O
成	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
化	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
重	O	O
构	O	O
环	O	O
渤	B	B
海	E	E
区	O	O
域	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
渤	B	B
海	E	E
区	O	O
域	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
须	O	O
重	O	O
构	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
共	O	O
享	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
『	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
体	O	O
』	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
王	O	O
文	O	O
西	O	O
（	O	O
山	B	O
东	E	O
）	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
李	O	O
卫	O	O
斌	O	O
（	O	O
湖	B	O
北	E	O
）	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
董	O	O
颖	O	O
（	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
）	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
李	O	O
东	O	O
旭	O	O
马	O	O
丽	O	O
静	O	O
（	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	E	E
）	O	O
翻	O	O
阅	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
党	O	O
史	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
《	O	O
冀	B	B
中	E	E
回	O	O
民	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
泪	O	O
水	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
抑	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
的	O	O
冀	B	B
中	E	E
抗	O	O
日	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
幕	O	O
幕	O	O
刀	O	O
光	O	O
血	O	O
影	O	O
、	O	O
英	O	O
勇	O	O
悲	O	O
壮	O	O
的	O	O
往	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
地	O	O
浮	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
为	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
受	O	O
住	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
末	O	O
、	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
沿	O	O
着	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
阔	O	O
步	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
是	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
变	O	O
革	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
剧	O	O
烈	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
寻	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
胆	O	O
子	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
清	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
准	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
地	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
地	O	O
闯	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
“	O	O
左	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
关	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
决	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
和	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
重	O	O
温	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
决	O	O
断	O	O
对	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
不	O	O
寻	O	O
常	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
财	O	O
税	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
、	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
间	O	O
接	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
从	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
沿	O	O
江	O	O
、	O	O
沿	O	O
边	O	O
、	O	O
沿	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
陆	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
死	O	O
存	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
兼	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
靠	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
又	O	O
靠	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
共	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
案	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
党	O	O
纪	O	O
政	O	O
纪	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
县	O	O
处	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
厅	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
了	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
滋	O	O
长	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
绘	O	O
图	O	O
奠	O	O
基	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
五	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
四	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
步	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
翻	O	O
两	O	O
番	O	O
；	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
比	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
翻	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
；	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
宽	O	O
裕	O	O
；	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
线	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
记	O	O
长	O	O
沙	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
湖	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
长	O	O
沙	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
及	O	O
湖	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
厅	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
向	O	O
长	B	B
沙	E	E
交	O	O
警	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
迈	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
”	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
向	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
、	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
等	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
派	O	O
驻	O	O
专	O	O
职	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
驻	O	O
车	O	O
管	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
员	O	O
苏	O	O
清	O	O
阳	O	O
到	O	O
该	O	O
所	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
所	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
该	O	O
所	O	O
商	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
了	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
在	O	O
车	O	O
管	O	O
所	O	O
院	O	O
内	O	O
停	O	O
放	O	O
要	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
两	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
将	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
车	O	O
流	O	O
量	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
段	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
警	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
警	O	O
区	O	O
警	O	O
长	O	O
制	O	O
勤	O	O
务	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
、	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
主	O	O
干	O	O
道	O	O
韶	B	O
山	M	O
路	E	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
，	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
赶	O	O
至	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
警	O	O
力	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
用	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
就	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
畅	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
硬	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
从	O	O
上	O	O
至	O	O
下	O	O
都	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
与	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
项	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
一	O	O
幢	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
层	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
已	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
高	O	O
智	O	O
能	O	O
、	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
长	B	O
沙	M	O
市	E	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
路	O	O
口	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
。	O	O
长	B	B
沙	E	E
交	O	O
警	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
迈	O	O
上	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
种	O	O
田	O	O
本	O	O
已	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
假	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
更	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
苦	O	O
不	O	O
堪	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
恶	O	O
痛	O	O
绝	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
牵	O	O
涉	O	O
面	O	O
广	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
种	O	O
历	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
至	O	O
关	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
从	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
流	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
会	O	O
牵	O	O
涉	O	O
到	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
成	O	O
百	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
大	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
耕	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
收	O	O
或	O	O
歉	O	O
收	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
河	E	E
、	O	O
永	B	B
清	E	M
二	O	M
县	O	E
的	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
自	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
某	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
购	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
假	O	O
“	O	O
京	O	O
东	O	O
八	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亩	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
减	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
假	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
坑	O	O
农	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
屡	O	O
屡	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
愈	O	O
演	O	O
愈	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
虽	O	O
已	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
尽	O	O
如	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
运	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
各	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
为	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
之	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
香	B	B
河	E	E
、	O	O
永	B	O
清	E	O
二	O	O
县	O	O
购	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
京	O	O
东	O	O
八	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
入	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
时	O	O
就	O	O
未	O	O
按	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
复	O	O
核	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
凭	O	O
调	O	O
出	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
开	O	O
具	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
证	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
轻	O	O
率	O	O
地	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
大	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
歉	O	O
收	O	O
。	O	O
廊	O	B
坊	O	M
市	O	E
安	O	O
次	O	O
区	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
告	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
某	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
证	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
却	O	O
将	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
假	O	O
“	O	O
沈	O	O
单	O	O
七	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
堂	O	O
而	O	O
皇	O	O
之	O	O
地	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
所	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
发	O	O
芽	O	O
率	O	O
仅	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
头	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
张	O	O
店	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
：	O	O
两	O	O
被	O	O
告	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
律	O	O
师	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
上	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
文	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
向	O	O
原	O	O
告	O	O
赔	O	O
礼	O	O
道	O	O
歉	O	O
；	O	O
并	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
原	O	O
告	O	O
周	O	O
村	O	O
区	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
姚	O	O
祥	O	O
明	O	O
羊	O	O
盘	O	O
初	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	B
苏	O	M
省	O	E
南	O	B
京	O	M
火	O	M
车	O	M
站	O	E
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
厅	O	O
、	O	O
候	O	O
车	O	O
室	O	O
等	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
地	O	O
段	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
『	O	O
警	O	O
示	O	O
牌	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
票	O	O
贩	O	O
子	O	O
欺	O	O
骗	O	O
、	O	O
敲	O	O
诈	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
曝	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
周	O	O
振	O	O
全	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
云	O	B
南	O	M
省	O	E
永	O	O
胜	O	O
县	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
宣	O	O
判	O	O
无	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
程	B	O
海	M	O
乡	E	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
季	O	O
正	O	O
清	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
该	O	O
县	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
金	O	O
并	O	O
赔	O	O
礼	O	O
道	O	O
歉	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
流	O	O
着	O	O
热	O	O
泪	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
神	O	O
圣	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
给	O	O
被	O	O
冤	O	O
枉	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
流	O	O
如	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
声	O	O
鼎	O	O
沸	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
首	M	M
都	M	M
国	M	M
际	M	M
机	M	M
场	E	E
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
边	O	O
防	O	O
”	O	O
巨	O	O
幅	O	O
红	O	O
字	O	O
标	O	O
牌	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
上	O	O
尉	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
焦	O	O
急	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
出	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
说	O	O
于	O	O
居	O	O
洋	O	O
抓	O	O
偷	O	O
渡	O	O
抓	O	O
“	O	O
疯	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
班	O	O
上	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
余	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
也	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
扎	O	O
进	O	O
护	O	O
照	O	O
签	O	O
证	O	O
堆	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
抱	O	O
着	O	O
真	O	O
假	O	O
护	O	O
照	O	O
、	O	O
签	O	O
证	O	O
猛	O	O
“	O	O
啃	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
本	O	O
（	O	O
种	O	O
）	O	O
真	O	O
假	O	O
护	O	O
照	O	O
、	O	O
签	O	O
证	O	O
他	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
遍	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
心	O	O
得	O	O
笔	O	O
记	O	O
就	O	O
写	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
厚	O	O
厚	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
笔	O	O
记	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
到	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
科	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
了	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
偷	O	O
渡	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
态	O	O
摸	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
清	O	O
二	O	O
楚	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
双	O	O
“	O	O
神	O	O
眼	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
鉴	O	O
别	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
中	O	O
磨	O	O
练	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
尚	O	O
志	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
地	O	O
处	O	O
哈	B	O
尔	M	O
滨	M	O
市	E	O
繁	O	O
华	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
货	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
酒	O	O
店	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
菜	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
杨	O	O
光	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
便	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
找	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
拉	O	O
他	O	O
合	O	O
伙	O	O
做	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
想	O	O
找	O	O
他	O	O
做	O	O
靠	O	O
山	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
杨	O	O
光	O	O
一	O	O
概	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
从	O	O
警	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
悟	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
：	O	O
身	O	O
居	O	O
闹	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
灯	O	O
红	O	O
酒	O	O
绿	O	O
；	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
之	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
所	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
表	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
杨	O	O
光	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
友	O	O
们	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
赤	O	O
诚	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
洒	O	O
满	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
田	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
案	O	O
例	O	O
：	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	E	E
某	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
破	O	O
获	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
合	O	O
伙	O	O
抢	O	O
劫	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
应	O	O
届	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
材	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
专	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
录	O	O
取	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
曾	O	O
求	O	O
教	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
某	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
犯	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
四	O	O
岁	O	O
至	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
七	O	O
岁	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
期	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
或	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
一	O	O
叶	O	O
障	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
好	O	O
便	O	O
放	O	O
松	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
品	O	O
德	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
期	O	O
”	O	O
迷	O	O
失	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
地	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
法	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
部	O	O
编	O	O
审	O	O
、	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
何	O	O
秉	O	O
松	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
主	O	O
编	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
《	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
教	O	O
科	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
对	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
翟	O	O
雪	O	O
梅	O	O
）	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
，	O	O
杨	B	O
村	E	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
飞	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
亚	O	O
音	O	O
速	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
要	O	O
用	O	O
超	O	O
音	O	O
速	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
作	O	O
特	O	O
技	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
填	O	O
补	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
无	O	O
数	O	O
个	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
队	O	O
长	O	O
丁	O	O
安	O	O
庆	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
跳	O	O
好	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
芭	O	O
蕾	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
队	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
来	O	O
宾	O	O
“	O	O
留	O	O
言	O	O
簿	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
写	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
赞	O	O
语	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
翻	O	O
阅	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
地	O	O
欣	O	O
赏	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
被	O	O
蓝	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
白	O	O
皮	O	O
肤	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
叫	O	O
好	O	O
所	O	O
陶	O	O
醉	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
认	O	O
清	O	O
了	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
所	O	O
蕴	O	O
含	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
而	O	O
立	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
刘	O	O
旭	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
僚	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
升	O	O
空	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
紧	O	O
随	O	O
长	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
渐	O	O
渐	O	O
向	O	O
尾	O	O
流	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
点	O	O
靠	O	O
近	O	O
。	O	O
长	O	O
机	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
机	O	O
喷	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
废	O	O
气	O	O
朝	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
座	O	O
舱	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
迎	O	O
面	O	O
扑	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
机	O	O
身	O	O
剧	O	O
烈	O	O
地	O	O
抖	O	O
动	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
头	O	O
猛	O	O
烈	O	O
下	O	O
沉	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
身	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
横	O	O
滚	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
扎	O	O
去	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
机	O	O
敏	O	O
的	O	O
刘	O	O
旭	O	O
沉	O	O
着	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
突	O	O
如	O	O
其	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
险	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
拉	O	O
起	O	O
机	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
向	O	O
长	O	O
机	O	O
靠	O	O
拢	O	O
。	O	O
包	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
当	O	O
兵	O	O
时	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
艺	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
说	O	O
句	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
逢	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
团	O	O
聚	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
也	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
宁	O	O
洪	O	O
虎	O	O
朝	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
嗬	O	O
！	O	O
少	O	O
说	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
米	O	O
八	O	O
三	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
大	O	O
汉	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
着	O	O
很	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
很	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
起	O	O
路	O	O
来	O	O
脚	O	O
底	O	O
板	O	O
子	O	O
生	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
已	O	O
六	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
他	O	O
总	O	O
也	O	O
褪	O	O
不	O	O
掉	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
那	O	O
股	O	O
浓	O	O
浓	O	O
的	O	O
兵	O	O
味	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
恶	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
吴	O	O
宏	O	O
权	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
６	O	O
时	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
古	O	O
城	O	O
衡	B	B
阳	E	E
细	O	O
雨	O	O
霏	O	O
霏	O	O
。	O	O
家	O	O
住	O	O
市	O	O
荷	O	O
花	O	O
坪	O	O
中	O	O
天	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
商	O	O
住	O	O
楼	O	O
女	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
户	O	O
李	O	O
少	O	O
英	O	O
提	O	O
着	O	O
钱	O	O
袋	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
她	O	O
行	O	O
至	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
二	O	O
楼	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
被	O	O
尾	O	O
随	O	O
而	O	O
至	O	O
的	O	O
刑	O	O
满	O	O
释	O	O
放	O	O
者	O	O
贾	O	O
新	O	O
波	O	O
用	O	O
刀	O	O
抵	O	O
住	O	O
胸	O	O
口	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
把	O	O
钱	O	O
交	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
就	O	O
捅	O	O
死	O	O
你	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
瞬	O	O
即	O	O
抢	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
刚	O	O
从	O	O
市	O	O
农	O	O
行	O	O
湖	B	O
北	E	O
分	O	O
理	O	O
处	O	O
取	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
张	O	O
合	O	O
计	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
折	O	O
及	O	O
脖	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
项	O	O
链	O	O
。	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
壮	O	O
举	O	O
绝	O	O
非	O	O
偶	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
吴	O	O
宏	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
旅	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
勇	O	O
斗	O	O
歹	O	O
徒	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
疆	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
某	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
团	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
福	O	O
勇	O	O
，	O	O
入	O	O
伍	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
闯	O	O
越	O	O
昆	B	O
仑	E	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
趟	O	O
，	O	O
驾	O	O
车	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
４	O	O
次	O	O
荣	O	O
立	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
次	O	O
荣	O	O
立	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
帮	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
们	O	O
检	O	O
修	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
卫	O	O
东	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
西	B	B
沙	E	E
远	O	O
离	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
，	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
匮	O	O
缺	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
永	B	B
兴	M	M
岛	E	E
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
开	O	O
垦	O	O
菜	O	O
地	O	O
并	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
种	O	O
菜	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
叫	O	O
梁	O	O
坤	O	O
奠	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
标	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
称	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
珊	O	O
瑚	O	O
滩	O	O
上	O	O
『	O	O
种	O	O
菜	O	O
王	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
梁	O	O
坤	O	O
奠	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
沙	E	E
迎	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
『	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
干	O	O
家	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
从	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
给	O	O
他	O	O
寄	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
心	O	O
菜	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
寄	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
；	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
运	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
泥	O	O
土	O	O
。	O	O
空	O	O
心	O	O
菜	O	O
长	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
试	O	O
种	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
白	O	O
菜	O	O
也	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
嫩	O	O
叶	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
到	O	O
夜	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
梁	O	O
坤	O	O
奠	O	O
就	O	O
独	O	O
自	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
打	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
电	O	O
筒	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
菜	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
清	O	O
除	O	O
寄	O	O
生	O	O
蟹	O	O
和	O	O
蜗	O	O
牛	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
到	O	O
台	O	O
风	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
梁	O	O
坤	O	O
奠	O	O
就	O	O
找	O	O
来	O	O
树	O	O
枝	O	O
、	O	O
石	O	O
头	O	O
块	O	O
为	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
搭	O	O
起	O	O
挡	O	O
风	O	O
墙	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
冯	O	O
金	O	O
武	O	O
郭	O	O
启	O	O
宏	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
老	O	O
“	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
”	O	O
问	O	O
刘	O	O
福	O	O
印	O	O
：	O	O
干	O	O
了	O	O
快	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
都	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
些	O	O
啥	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
下	O	O
刘	O	O
福	O	O
印	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
瞪	O	O
圆	O	O
了	O	O
：	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
吹	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
组	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
、	O	O
征	O	O
兵	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
样	O	O
样	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
部	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
当	O	O
了	O	O
８	O	O
次	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
雷	O	O
锋	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
乐	O	O
得	O	O
清	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
刘	O	O
福	O	O
印	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
傻	O	O
得	O	O
可	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
家	O	O
住	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
仪	B	B
征	M	M
市	E	E
解	B	B
放	M	M
路	E	E
年	O	O
过	O	O
六	O	O
旬	O	O
的	O	O
秦	O	O
秀	O	O
英	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
省	O	O
拥	O	O
军	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
周	O	O
宏	O	O
英	O	O
的	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
喜	O	O
气	O	O
洋	O	O
洋	O	O
地	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
城	O	O
中	O	O
居	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
申	O	O
办	O	O
结	O	O
婚	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
于	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
赴	O	O
福	B	B
建	E	E
漳	B	B
州	E	E
与	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
古	O	O
稀	O	O
老	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
喜	O	O
结	O	O
良	O	O
缘	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
秦	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
办	O	O
完	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
居	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
声	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
红	O	O
娘	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
宏	O	O
英	O	O
为	O	O
她	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
件	O	O
大	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
隆	O	O
冬	O	O
时	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
塞	O	O
外	O	O
青	B	O
城	E	O
传	O	O
出	O	O
喜	O	O
讯	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
告	O	O
竣	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
八	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
线	O	O
和	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
八	O	O
盟	O	O
四	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
老	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	B
山	O	M
沟	O	E
、	O	O
老	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
首	O	O
府	O	O
呼	B	B
和	M	M
浩	M	M
特	M	M
市	E	E
安	O	O
家	O	O
落	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
西	O	O
钊	O	O
武	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
入	O	O
冬	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	B
徽	O	E
巢	O	O
湖	O	O
军	O	O
分	O	O
区	O	O
所	O	O
属	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
人	O	O
武	O	O
部	O	O
把	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
兴	O	O
修	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
率	O	O
兵	O	O
参	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
身	O	O
兴	O	O
修	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
返	O	O
乡	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
正	O	O
奋	O	O
战	O	O
在	O	O
失	B	O
曹	M	O
河	E	O
、	O	O
永	B	B
安	M	M
河	E	E
、	O	O
得	B	O
胜	M	O
河	E	O
及	O	O
巢	B	O
湖	E	O
大	O	O
堤	O	O
冬	O	O
修	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
裴	O	O
先	O	O
长	O	O
熊	O	O
国	O	O
洪	O	O
）	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
将	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
并	O	O
轨	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
没	O	O
有	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
应	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
吸	O	O
取	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
收	O	O
支	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
性	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
高	O	O
估	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
逆	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
国	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
应	O	O
侧	O	O
重	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
借	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
要	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
在	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
线	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
占	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
所	O	O
占	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
较	O	O
小	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
性	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
撤	O	O
离	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
离	O	O
岸	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
衍	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
等	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
非	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
借	O	O
入	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
向	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
岸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
在	O	O
岸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
脆	O	O
弱	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
要	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
内	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
与	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
是	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
过	O	O
早	O	O
地	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
松	O	O
对	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
出	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
由	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
供	O	O
求	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
剧	O	O
烈	O	O
波	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
逆	O	O
势	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
顺	O	O
差	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
官	O	O
方	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
只	O	O
会	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
摩	O	O
擦	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
遗	O	O
体	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
火	O	O
化	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
华	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
锦	O	O
涛	O	O
、	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
荣	O	O
毅	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
丁	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
纪	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
春	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
官	O	O
正	O	O
、	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
贾	O	O
庆	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
菊	O	O
、	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
非	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
仪	O	O
、	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
尚	O	O
昆	O	O
、	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
任	O	O
穷	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
震	O	O
、	O	O
费	O	O
孝	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
起	O	O
孟	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
嘉	O	O
锡	O	O
、	O	O
布	O	O
赫	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
俊	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
选	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
学	O	O
谦	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
汝	O	O
岱	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
兆	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
沛	O	O
・	O	O
阿	O	O
旺	O	O
晋	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
赛	O	O
福	O	O
鼎	O	O
・	O	O
艾	O	O
则	O	O
孜	O	O
、	O	O
洪	O	O
学	O	O
智	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
静	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
兆	O	O
祥	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
朴	O	O
初	O	O
、	O	O
巴	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
伟	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
正	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
步	O	O
青	O	O
、	O	O
丁	O	O
光	O	O
训	O	O
、	O	O
，	O	O
董	O	O
寅	O	O
初	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
孚	O	O
凌	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
介	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
万	O	O
祺	O	O
及	O	O
王	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
克	O	O
、	O	O
段	O	O
君	O	O
毅	O	O
、	O	O
耿	O	O
飚	O	O
、	O	O
姬	O	O
鹏	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
火	O	O
青	O	O
、	O	O
习	O	O
仲	O	O
勋	O	O
、	O	O
彭	O	O
冲	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
芳	O	O
、	O	O
谷	O	O
牧	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
文	O	O
瑞	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
恩	O	O
茂	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
成	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
吕	O	O
正	O	O
操	O	O
、	O	O
汪	O	O
锋	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
天	O	O
翔	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
复	O	O
之	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
生	O	O
病	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
以	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
后	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
哀	O	O
悼	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
部	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
云	O	O
山	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
』	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
到	O	O
『	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
』	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
抓	O	O
得	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
甘	O	O
于	O	O
作	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
助	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
美	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
架	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O
怀	O	O
念	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
堂	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
见	O	O
闻	O	O
８	O	O
时	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
邱	O	O
洪	O	O
标	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
排	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
捧	O	O
一	O	O
束	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
汉	O	O
白	O	O
玉	O	O
塑	O	O
像	O	O
献	O	O
上	O	O
花	O	O
束	O	O
并	O	O
三	O	O
鞠	O	O
躬	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
会	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
塑	O	O
像	O	O
前	O	O
堆	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
尺	O	O
多	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
堂	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
落	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
瞻	O	O
仰	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
堂	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
公	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
堂	O	O
暂	O	O
停	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
公	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
堂	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
已	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
黎	O	O
）	O	O
凝	O	O
固	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
音	O	O
容	O	O
笑	O	O
貌	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
风	O	O
采	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
展	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	M
美	M	M
术	M	M
馆	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
为	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
风	O	O
采	O	O
，	O	O
光	O	O
照	O	O
千	O	O
秋	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
家	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
承	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
遗	O	O
物	O	O
陈	O	O
列	O	O
馆	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
向	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
诞	O	O
辰	O	O
献	O	O
礼	O	O
而	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
永	O	O
久	O	O
性	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
。	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
前	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
话	O	O
剧	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
丁	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
、	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
一	O	O
同	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
傅	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
永	O	O
波	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
克	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
瑞	O	O
林	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
刘	O	O
忠	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
占	O	O
祥	O	O
等	O	O
也	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
以	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
活	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
触	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
置	O	O
换	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
等	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
疑	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O
晋	B	B
中	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
办	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
晋	B	B
中	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
着	O	O
眼	O	O
于	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
依	O	O
附	O	O
于	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
母	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
寄	O	O
生	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
剥	O	O
离	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
等	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
办	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
各	O	O
县	O	O
市	O	O
用	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
接	O	O
管	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
及	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
办	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
建	O	O
制	O	O
接	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
定	O	O
额	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
其	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
澡	O	O
塘	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
发	O	O
室	O	O
等	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
从	O	O
母	O	O
体	O	O
分	O	O
离	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
实	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
负	O	O
盈	O	O
亏	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
介	O	O
休	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
厂	O	O
两	O	O
所	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
及	O	O
太	O	O
谷	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
平	O	O
遥	O	O
火	O	O
柴	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
榆	O	O
次	O	O
电	O	O
缆	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
榆	O	O
次	O	O
建	O	O
材	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
榆	O	O
次	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
灵	O	O
石	O	O
石	O	O
膏	O	O
矿	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
或	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
转	O	O
交	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
支	O	O
就	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
体	O	O
改	O	O
由	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
或	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
原	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
大	O	O
为	O	O
精	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O
介	O	O
休	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
厂	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
泓	O	O
洋	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
水	O	O
灾	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
帮	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
成	O	O
蛮	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
７	O	O
亩	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
担	O	O
（	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
）	O	O
稻	O	O
谷	O	O
。	O	O
交	O	O
够	O	O
了	O	O
定	O	O
购	O	O
粮	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
还	O	O
剩	O	O
下	O	O
好	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
卖	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
养	O	O
点	O	O
肥	O	O
猪	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
不	O	O
值	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
担	O	O
谷	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
块	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
更	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
籼	O	O
稻	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
买	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
得	O	O
筹	O	O
划	O	O
着	O	O
种	O	O
点	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
谷	O	O
子	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
冬	O	O
天	O	O
里	O	O
总	O	O
得	O	O
干	O	O
点	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
吧	O	O
。	O	O
譬	O	O
如	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
水	O	O
灾	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
点	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
堤	O	O
堰	O	O
、	O	O
修	O	O
修	O	O
水	O	O
毁	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
晒	O	O
太	O	O
阳	O	O
好	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
●	O	O
二	O	O
忌	O	O
在	O	O
窄	O	O
小	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
●	O	O
三	O	O
忌	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
忌	O	O
在	O	O
窄	O	O
小	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
跳	O	O
出	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
也	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
跨	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
跨	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
跨	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
为	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
口	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
哪	O	O
些	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
？	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
压	O	O
锭	O	O
与	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
何	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
？	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
纺	O	O
锭	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
压	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
？	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
压	O	O
锭	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
、	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
富	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
和	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
与	O	O
否	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
易	O	O
后	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
兼	O	O
顾	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
受	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
丛	O	O
亚	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
建	O	O
兴	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
致	O	O
信	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
上	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
光	O	O
茹	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
轻	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
。	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
轻	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
脱	O	O
颖	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
局	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
驰	O	O
名	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
轻	O	O
工	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
种	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
轻	O	O
工	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
年	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
丢	O	O
掉	O	O
铁	O	O
饭	O	O
碗	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
啥	O	O
可	O	O
怕	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
原	O	O
江	B	B
西	M	E
铅	M	B
山	M	M
县	M	E
永	M	B
平	M	M
镇	M	E
垦	M	O
殖	M	O
场	E	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
方	O	O
明	O	O
东	O	O
深	O	O
有	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O
垦	O	O
殖	O	O
场	O	O
因	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
方	O	O
明	O	O
东	O	O
另	O	O
觅	O	O
“	O	O
饭	O	O
碗	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
学	O	O
养	O	O
羊	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
察	O	O
看	O	O
羊	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
章	O	O
平	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
支	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
得	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
外	O	O
向	O	O
型	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
财	O	O
税	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
及	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
从	O	O
以	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
向	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
财	O	O
政	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
了	O	O
财	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
深	O	O
化	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
当	O	O
家	O	O
理	O	O
财	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
较	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
地	O	O
界	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
省	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
市	O	O
县	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
省	O	O
里	O	O
吃	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
锅	O	O
饭	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
市	O	O
吃	O	O
省	O	O
里	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
锅	O	O
饭	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
收	O	O
统	O	O
支	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
费	O	O
伟	O	O
伟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
目	O	O
录	O	O
》	O	O
及	O	O
《	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
目	O	O
录	O	O
》	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
村	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
装	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
直	O	O
拨	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
程	O	O
控	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
至	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
市	O	O
话	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
农	O	O
话	O	O
』	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
天	B	O
津	E	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
容	O	O
量	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
陈	O	O
杰	O	O
杨	O	O
颖	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
京	O	O
郑	O	O
（	O	O
州	O	O
）	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
至	O	O
安	B	B
阳	E	E
段	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
石	O	O
安	O	O
段	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
化	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
全	O	O
长	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
点	O	O
九	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
局	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
后	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
牵	O	O
引	O	O
重	O	O
量	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
区	O	O
段	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
成	B	B
都	M	M
市	E	E
，	O	O
谢	O	O
世	O	O
杰	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
了	O	O
成	O	O
都	O	O
机	O	O
床	O	O
电	O	O
器	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
、	O	O
亚	O	O
光	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
总	O	O
厂	O	O
和	O	O
川	O	O
棉	O	O
一	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
谢	O	O
世	O	O
杰	O	O
把	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
金	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
亚	O	O
光	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
总	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
劳	O	O
模	O	O
冷	O	O
国	O	O
清	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
得	O	O
热	O	O
泪	O	O
盈	O	O
眶	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
总	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
赴	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
市	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
向	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
献	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
烈	O	O
属	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
哈	O	O
尔	O	O
滨	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
直	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
副	O	O
处	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
副	O	O
科	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
传	O	O
授	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
等	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
开	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
门	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
帮	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
志	O	O
方	O	O
）	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
勤	O	O
俭	O	O
建	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
光	O	O
大	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
陈	O	O
宏	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
东	O	O
波	O	O
）	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
《	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
〈	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
厉	O	O
行	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
奢	O	O
侈	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
〉	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
总	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
部	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
《	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
费	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
费	O	O
限	O	O
额	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
；	O	O
陆	O	O
地	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
以	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
出	O	O
入	O	O
境	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
边	O	O
民	O	O
出	O	O
入	O	O
境	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
验	O	O
证	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
黑	B	B
龙	M	M
江	E	E
、	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
等	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
军	O	O
警	O	O
民	O	O
联	O	O
防	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
性	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
；	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
型	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
由	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
肖	O	O
扬	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
选	O	O
聘	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
卫	O	O
兵	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
陕	B	O
西	E	O
长	B	B
武	M	M
县	E	E
采	O	O
取	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
刹	O	O
风	O	O
整	O	O
纪	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
共	O	O
梳	O	O
理	O	O
揭	O	O
摆	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
大	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
中	O	O
层	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
就	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
书	O	O
面	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
名	O	O
科	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
被	O	O
免	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
马	O	O
俊	O	O
孝	O	O
）	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
生	O	O
平	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
５	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
日	O	O
寇	O	O
投	O	O
降	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
从	O	O
延	B	B
安	E	E
回	O	O
到	O	O
晋	O	O
察	O	O
冀	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
晋	O	O
察	O	O
冀	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
副	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
兼	O	O
任	O	O
张	O	O
家	O	O
口	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
刘	O	O
少	O	O
奇	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
德	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
“	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
“	O	O
前	O	O
委	O	O
”	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
从	O	O
陕	B	B
北	E	E
转	O	O
移	O	O
到	O	O
晋	O	O
察	O	O
冀	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
区	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
受	O	O
晋	O	O
察	O	O
冀	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
密	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
与	O	O
朱	O	O
德	O	O
总	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
同	O	O
住	O	O
一	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
同	O	O
聂	O	O
荣	O	O
臻	O	O
等	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
朱	O	O
德	O	O
总	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
商	O	O
攻	O	O
取	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
攻	O	O
克	O	O
石	B	O
家	M	O
庄	E	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
“	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
之	O	O
创	O	O
例	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
同	O	O
聂	O	O
荣	O	O
臻	O	O
等	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
壮	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
粉	O	O
碎	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
党	O	O
反	O	O
动	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
晋	O	O
察	O	O
冀	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
局	O	O
与	O	O
晋	O	O
冀	O	O
鲁	O	O
豫	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
局	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
华	O	O
北	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
华	O	O
北	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
兼	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
华	O	O
北	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
华	O	O
北	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
副	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
等	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
等	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
华	B	B
北	E	E
军	O	O
民	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
战	O	O
役	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
和	O	O
北	B	O
平	E	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
接	O	O
管	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
绥	B	O
远	E	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
九	O	O
月	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
七	O	O
届	O	O
二	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
被	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
局	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
兰	O	O
州	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
三	O	O
线	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
“	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
、	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
八	O	O
字	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
遵	O	O
照	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
延	B	B
安	E	E
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
疾	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
如	O	O
实	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
调	O	O
运	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
卓	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
忠	O	O
诚	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
私	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
信	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
忠	O	O
诚	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
屠	O	O
刀	O	O
无	O	O
私	O	O
无	O	O
畏	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
邪	O	O
恶	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
率	O	O
直	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
而	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
顾	O	O
全	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
胸	O	O
怀	O	O
坦	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
光	O	O
明	O	O
磊	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
计	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
得	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
刻	O	O
苦	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
谦	O	O
虚	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
易	O	O
近	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
党	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
准	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
朴	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
袖	O	O
清	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
谋	O	O
取	O	O
私	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
和	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
勤	O	O
勤	O	O
恳	O	O
恳	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
勤	O	O
于	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
列	O	O
宁	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
拥	O	O
护	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
代	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
富	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
而	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
以	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
风	O	O
亮	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
了	O	O
为	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
而	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
终	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
誓	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
４	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
移	O	O
驻	O	O
西	B	O
柏	M	O
坡	E	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
（	O	O
左	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
和	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
移	O	O
驻	O	O
西	B	O
柏	M	O
坡	E	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
澜	O	O
涛	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
任	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
晋	O	O
察	O	O
冀	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
晋	O	O
察	O	O
冀	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
副	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
春	O	O
华	O	O
化	O	O
秋	O	O
实	O	O
桃	O	O
李	O	O
报	O	O
春	O	O
晖	O	O
周	O	O
小	O	O
燕	O	O
从	O	O
教	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
孙	O	O
孚	O	O
凌	O	O
等	O	O
同	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
向	O	O
周	O	O
小	O	O
燕	O	O
从	O	O
教	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
周	O	O
小	O	O
燕	O	O
和	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
火	O	O
警	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
二	O	O
时	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	O
角	E	O
电	B	O
器	M	O
道	E	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
楼	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
厦	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
厦	O	O
底	O	O
下	O	O
两	O	O
层	O	O
为	O	O
商	O	O
铺	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
是	O	O
民	O	O
居	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
起	O	O
火	O	O
商	O	O
铺	O	O
内	O	O
存	O	O
放	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
塑	O	O
胶	O	O
等	O	O
易	O	O
燃	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
火	O	O
势	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
消	O	O
防	O	O
处	O	O
一	O	O
共	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
消	O	O
防	O	O
水	O	O
龙	O	O
灭	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
云	O	O
梯	O	O
、	O	O
派	O	O
救	O	O
护	O	O
队	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
火	O	O
场	O	O
救	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
火	O	O
警	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
后	O	O
将	O	O
大	O	O
火	O	O
扑	O	O
灭	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
被	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
华	B	B
东	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
口	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
东	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
敞	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
全	O	O
互	O	O
通	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
交	O	O
桥	O	O
艮	O	O
秋	O	O
艮	O	O
新	O	O
立	O	O
交	O	O
桥	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
通	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
往	O	O
沪	O	O
宁	O	O
、	O	O
东	O	O
接	O	O
宁	B	B
波	E	E
、	O	O
南	O	O
去	O	O
浙	B	O
中	E	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
遇	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
肠	O	O
梗	O	O
阻	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
方	O	O
瑾	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
钓	M	M
鱼	M	M
台	M	M
国	M	M
宾	M	M
馆	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
来	O	O
京	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
香	O	B
港	O	M
特	O	M
别	O	M
行	O	M
政	O	M
区	O	E
政	O	O
务	O	O
司	O	O
司	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
方	O	O
安	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
学	O	O
贤	O	O
被	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
为	O	O
驻	O	O
南	B	O
非	E	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
郊	O	O
区	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
局	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
”	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
共	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
已	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
乡	O	O
乡	O	O
通	O	O
光	O	O
缆	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
村	O	O
通	O	O
程	O	O
控	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
远	O	O
郊	O	O
区	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
最	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
远	O	O
郊	O	O
十	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
市	O	O
话	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
已	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
村	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
梁	O	O
春	O	O
贵	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
千	O	O
只	O	O
丹	O	O
顶	O	O
鹤	O	O
光	O	O
顾	O	O
盐	B	O
城	E	O
（	O	O
李	O	O
志	O	O
勇	O	O
）	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
或	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
使	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
消	O	O
耗	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
老	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
造	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
有	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
流	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
楹	O	O
联	O	O
名	O	O
城	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	M	M
省	E	E
朝	B	B
阳	M	M
市	E	E
，	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
以	O	O
楹	O	O
联	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
联	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
联	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
被	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
楹	O	O
联	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
“	O	O
楹	O	O
联	O	O
之	O	O
市	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
朝	B	B
阳	M	M
市	E	E
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
楹	O	O
联	O	O
之	O	O
市	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
画	O	O
漫	O	O
画	O	O
，	O	O
咱	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
！	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
在	O	O
母	O	O
校	O	O
光	O	O
大	O	O
南	B	O
开	E	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
欣	O	O
喜	O	O
山	O	O
野	O	O
作	O	O
证	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
天	O	O
涯	O	O
海	O	O
角	O	O
人	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
赵	O	O
天	O	O
衡	O	O
背	O	O
着	O	O
书	O	O
包	O	O
行	O	O
李	O	O
，	O	O
拎	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
脸	O	O
盆	O	O
，	O	O
踏	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
往	O	O
铜	B	B
仁	E	E
的	O	O
班	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
翌	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
赵	O	O
天	O	O
衡	O	O
便	O	O
与	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
的	O	O
婚	O	O
礼	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
片	O	O
穷	O	O
得	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
流	O	O
泪	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
扎	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
根	O	O
。	O	O
痴	O	O
心	O	O
不	O	O
改	O	O
老	O	O
而	O	O
弥	O	O
坚	O	O
回	O	O
铜	B	O
仁	E	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
被	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
为	O	O
晚	O	O
期	O	O
肝	O	O
癌	O	O
。	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
挑	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
冯	O	O
天	O	O
林	O	O
董	O	O
毅	O	O
敏	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
本	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
导	O	O
师	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
篇	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
刊	O	O
物	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
两	O	O
项	O	O
省	O	O
部	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
１	O	O
项	O	O
省	O	O
部	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
（	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
于	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
１	O	O
项	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
或	O	O
省	O	O
部	O	O
级	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
博	O	O
导	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
者	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
者	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
每	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
博	O	O
导	O	O
”	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
牡	B	B
丹	M	M
江	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
滑	O	O
冰	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
牡	B	B
丹	M	M
江	M	M
市	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
男	O	O
、	O	O
女	O	O
中	O	O
专	O	O
组	O	O
、	O	O
甲	O	O
组	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
等	O	O
６	O	O
枚	O	O
单	O	O
项	O	O
赛	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
被	O	O
黑	B	B
龙	M	M
江	E	E
、	O	O
吉	B	B
林	E	E
、	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	E	E
和	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
４	O	O
省	O	O
区	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
夺	O	O
走	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
快	O	O
讯	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
登	O	O
山	O	O
队	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
７	O	O
时	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
（	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
时	O	O
间	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
时	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
拔	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
最	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
乞	B	B
力	M	M
马	M	M
扎	M	M
罗	M	M
山	E	E
的	O	O
主	O	O
峰	O	O
自	B	O
由	M	O
峰	E	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
距	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
火	O	O
炬	O	O
接	O	O
力	O	O
分	O	O
三	O	O
路	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
越	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
千	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
接	O	O
力	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
三	O	O
路	O	O
火	O	O
炬	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
在	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
会	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
时	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
脱	O	O
节	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
应	O	O
以	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
其	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
、	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
则	O	O
应	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
其	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
为	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
清	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
萌	O	O
芽	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
边	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
边	O	O
摸	O	O
索	O	O
着	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
来	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
识	O	O
之	O	O
士	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
滞	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
尴	O	O
尬	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
使	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
偏	O	O
冷	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
当	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
者	O	O
多	O	O
动	O	O
脑	O	O
筋	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
想	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
将	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
做	O	O
滥	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
收	O	O
拾	O	O
的	O	O
残	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
还	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
已	O	O
曙	O	O
光	O	O
初	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
赛	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
者	O	O
踊	O	O
跃	O	O
投	O	O
稿	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
要	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
擂	O	O
台	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
场	O	O
下	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
趣	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
黑	O	O
白	O	O
、	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
（	O	O
５	O	O
寸	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
）	O	O
均	O	O
可	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
稿	O	O
寄	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
部	O	O
代	O	O
转	O	O
组	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
《	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
学	O	O
》	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
线	O	O
装	O	O
珍	O	O
本	O	O
传	O	O
友	O	O
情	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
记	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
赠	O	O
书	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
希	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
希	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
拉	O	O
着	O	O
李	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
尊	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
前	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
岁	O	O
生	O	O
日	O	O
时	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
礼	O	O
物	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
俯	O	O
身	O	O
细	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
一	O	O
尺	O	O
半	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
寿	O	O
星	O	O
”	O	O
玉	O	O
雕	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
书	O	O
潇	O	O
洒	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
字	O	O
“	O	O
福	O	O
如	O	O
东	O	O
海	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
玉	O	O
雕	O	O
的	O	O
右	O	O
侧	O	O
墙	O	O
上	O	O
挂	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
希	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
国	O	O
画	O	O
肖	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
希	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
作	O	O
家	O	O
高	O	O
莽	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
画	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
希	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
柜	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
摆	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
列	O	O
宁	O	O
和	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
像	O	O
。	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
希	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
列	O	O
宁	O	O
和	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
最	O	O
亲	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
朋	O	O
友	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
瓷	O	O
盘	O	O
画	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
去	O	O
世	O	O
后	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
侄	O	O
女	O	O
托	O	O
人	O	O
转	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
着	O	O
胸	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
苏	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
勋	O	O
章	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
亲	O	O
手	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
戴	O	O
到	O	O
胸	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
希	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
客	O	O
厅	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
都	O	O
摆	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
、	O	O
字	O	O
画	O	O
、	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
每	O	O
件	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
品	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
讲	O	O
出	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
姆	O	O
卡	O	O
帕	O	O
还	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
肯	B	B
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
而	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
坦	B	B
桑	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
将	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
肯	B	B
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
与	O	O
肯	B	B
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
一	O	O
道	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
东	B	B
非	E	E
合	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
黎	O	O
可	O	O
漂	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
共	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
四	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
勤	O	O
俭	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
越	O	O
共	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
近	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
五	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
安	B	B
曼	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
夏	O	O
林	O	O
）	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
塔	O	O
拉	O	O
瓦	O	O
奈	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
负	O	O
面	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
墨	O	O
西	O	O
哥	O	O
众	O	O
议	O	O
院	O	O
议	O	O
长	O	O
卡	O	O
洛	O	O
斯	O	O
・	O	O
梅	O	O
迪	O	O
纳	O	O
的	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
《	O	O
环	O	O
球	O	O
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
五	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
《	O	O
环	O	O
球	O	O
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
爱	M	M
尔	M	M
兰	E	E
上	O	O
周	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
起	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
蒙	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
阴	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
特	O	O
派	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
管	O	O
彦	O	O
忠	O	O
布	B	O
里	M	O
特	E	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
园	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
可	O	O
采	O	O
果	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
成	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
豆	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
用	O	O
英	O	O
语	O	O
和	O	O
西	O	B
班	O	M
牙	O	E
语	O	O
向	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
者	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
年	O	O
降	O	O
雨	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
土	O	O
壤	O	O
中	O	O
火	O	O
山	O	O
灰	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
拔	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
很	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
布	B	O
里	M	O
特	E	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
园	O	O
有	O	O
座	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
本	O	O
园	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
从	O	O
外	O	O
面	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
的	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
果	O	O
实	O	O
晒	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
去	O	O
壳	O	O
和	O	O
烘	O	O
烤	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
烘	O	O
烤	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
短	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
豆	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
呈	O	O
绿	O	O
、	O	O
浅	O	O
棕	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
棕	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
旁	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
品	O	O
尝	O	O
到	O	O
３	O	O
种	O	O
味	O	O
道	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
。	O	O
朝	O	O
《	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
》	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
敦	O	O
促	O	O
美	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
敌	O	O
视	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
符	O	O
泉	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
白	O	O
宫	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
麦	O	O
柯	O	O
里	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
的	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
政	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
在	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
以	O	O
色	O	O
列	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
总	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
国	O	O
成	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
方	O	O
能	O	O
领	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
补	O	O
助	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
原	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
拉	O	O
帮	O	O
结	O	O
派	O	O
，	O	O
酝	O	O
酿	O	O
党	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
忙	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
亦	O	O
乐	O	O
乎	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
紧	O	O
锣	O	O
密	O	O
鼓	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
党	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
党	O	O
：	O	O
以	O	O
小	O	O
泽	O	O
一	O	O
郎	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
党	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
以	O	O
小	O	O
泽	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
选	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
鹿	O	O
野	O	O
道	O	O
彦	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
声	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
由	O	O
众	O	O
议	O	O
院	O	O
原	O	O
公	O	O
明	O	O
党	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
新	O	O
党	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
由	O	O
参	O	O
议	O	O
院	O	O
原	O	O
公	O	O
明	O	O
党	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
黎	O	O
明	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
由	O	O
原	O	O
民	O	O
社	O	O
党	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
友	O	O
爱	O	O
新	O	O
党	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
以	O	O
小	O	O
泽	O	O
辰	O	O
男	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
体	O	O
和	O	O
６	O	O
小	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
众	O	O
院	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
席	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
６	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
议	O	O
席	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
众	O	O
议	O	O
院	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
。	O	O
阿	O	B
拉	O	M
伯	O	E
内	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
区	O	O
分	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
法	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
界	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
黎	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
以	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
安	O	O
南	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
向	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
提	O	O
交	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
将	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
驻	O	O
普	B	O
雷	M	O
夫	M	O
拉	M	O
卡	M	O
半	M	O
岛	E	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
再	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O
普	B	O
雷	M	O
夫	M	O
拉	M	O
卡	M	O
半	M	O
岛	E	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
南	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
和	O	O
克	B	B
罗	M	M
地	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
交	O	O
界	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
扼	O	O
守	O	O
南	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
军	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
科	B	O
托	M	O
尔	M	O
湾	E	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
海	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O
南	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
同	O	O
克	B	B
罗	M	M
地	M	M
亚	E	E
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
该	O	O
半	O	O
岛	O	O
的	O	O
非	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
化	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
也	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
该	O	O
半	O	O
岛	O	O
为	O	O
非	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
普	O	O
罗	O	O
迪	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
将	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
库	B	B
尔	M	M
德	E	E
难	O	O
民	O	O
涌	O	O
入	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
普	O	O
罗	O	O
迪	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
商	O	O
讨	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
库	B	B
尔	M	M
德	E	E
难	O	O
民	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
普	B	O
罗	M	O
迪	E	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
最	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
内	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
泰	B	O
国	E	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
泰	O	O
铢	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
受	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
和	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
等	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
东	B	B
京	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
盘	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
经	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
股	O	O
价	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
跌	O	O
至	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
因	O	O
传	O	O
出	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
点	O	O
报	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
个	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
帕	O	O
斯	O	B
州	O	E
塞	O	B
帕	O	M
底	O	M
斯	O	M
特	O	E
革	O	O
命	O	O
军	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
称	O	O
将	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
暴	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
债	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
抽	O	O
回	O	O
在	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
索	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
骤	O	O
然	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
外	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
墨	O	O
西	O	O
哥	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
比	O	O
索	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
使	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
―	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
被	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
墨	O	O
西	O	O
哥	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
比	O	O
索	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
索	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
幅	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
也	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
累	O	O
及	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
给	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
面	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
：	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
猛	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
国	O	O
库	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
给	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
深	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
价	O	O
起	O	O
点	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
兑	O	O
换	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
攀	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
曾	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
坚	O	O
挺	O	O
，	O	O
意	O	O
图	O	O
牵	O	O
制	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
升	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
价	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
起	O	O
伏	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
攀	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
部	O	O
分	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
也	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	O	O
梦	O	O
魁	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
习	O	O
俗	O	O
难	O	O
更	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
丝	O	O
毫	O	O
未	O	O
减	O	O
。	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
近	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
税	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
给	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
埃	O	O
镑	O	O
的	O	O
月	O	O
薪	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
人	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
忙	O	O
着	O	O
采	O	O
购	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
吉	O	O
祥	O	O
如	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
斋	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
原	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
８	O	O
时	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
在	O	O
卡	B	B
纳	M	M
维	M	M
拉	M	M
尔	M	M
角	E	E
发	O	O
射	O	O
升	O	O
空	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
航	O	O
天	O	O
局	O	O
无	O	O
人	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
器	O	O
“	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
跟	O	O
踪	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	O
国	E	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
雷	O	O
达	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
故	O	O
障	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
地	O	O
铁	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
车	O	O
速	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
地	O	O
铁	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
了	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
沿	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
地	O	O
铁	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
车	O	O
速	O	O
，	O	O
耗	O	O
费	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
可	O	O
怕	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
《	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
立	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
和	O	O
沃	O	O
尔	O	O
特	O	O
・	O	O
里	O	O
德	O	O
陆	O	O
军	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
正	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
释	O	O
放	O	O
断	O	O
层	O	O
扫	O	O
描	O	O
术	O	O
对	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
熟	O	O
睡	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
男	O	O
性	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
测	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
精	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
的	O	O
哪	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
在	O	O
晚	O	O
间	O	O
熟	O	O
睡	O	O
后	O	O
还	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
的	O	O
梦	O	O
都	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
睡	O	O
着	O	O
了	O	O
而	O	O
眼	O	O
球	O	O
还	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
里	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
边	O	O
缘	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
和	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
如	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
”	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
额	O	O
皮	O	O
质	O	O
却	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
暖	O	O
冬	O	O
时	O	O
节	O	O
舞	O	O
风	O	O
筝	O	O
青	O	O
草	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
乐	O	O
融	O	O
融	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
不	O	O
提	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
谋	O	O
分	O	O
文	O	O
私	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
妹	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
妹	O	O
妹	O	O
玉	O	O
荣	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
－	O	O
玉	O	O
荣	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
班	O	O
常	O	O
骑	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
下	O	O
肢	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
骑	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
假	O	O
腿	O	O
丢	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
马	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
玉	O	O
荣	O	O
从	O	O
没	O	O
向	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
安	B	B
徽	E	E
整	O	O
顿	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
看	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
缘	O	O
何	O	O
高	O	O
？	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
安	B	B
徽	E	E
肥	B	B
西	M	M
县	E	E
丰	B	B
乐	M	M
镇	E	E
，	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
嫂	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
您	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
费	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
钱	O	O
１	O	O
度	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
７	O	O
角	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
主	O	O
妇	O	O
面	O	O
带	O	O
笑	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
得	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
干	O	O
脆	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
约	O	O
４	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
到	O	O
肥	B	B
东	M	M
县	E	E
梁	B	B
园	M	M
镇	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
乡	O	O
间	O	O
土	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
问	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
迎	O	O
面	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
您	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
费	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
钱	O	O
１	O	O
度	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
１	O	O
元	O	O
３	O	O
角	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
苦	O	O
笑	O	O
摇	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
县	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
局	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
电	O	O
费	O	O
高	O	O
和	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
舍	O	O
弃	O	O
电	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
点	O	O
煤	O	O
油	O	O
灯	O	O
照	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
得	O	O
办	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
千	O	O
伏	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
都	O	O
拿	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
这	O	O
笔	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
要	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
办	O	O
电	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
能	O	O
损	O	O
耗	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
等	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
安	B	B
徽	M	M
省	E	E
电	O	O
力	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
改	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
损	O	O
耗	O	O
电	O	O
量	O	O
约	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
给	O	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
向	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
“	O	O
乱	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
乱	O	O
加	O	O
价	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
乱	O	O
摊	O	O
派	O	O
”	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
村	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
乡	O	O
（	O	O
镇	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
后	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
“	O	O
乱	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
乱	O	O
加	O	O
价	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
乱	O	O
摊	O	O
派	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
捞	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
村	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
电	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
尤	O	O
为	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
安	B	B
徽	E	E
在	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
村	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
、	O	O
挪	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
向	O	O
人	O	O
炫	O	O
耀	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
本	O	O
村	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
高	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
凭	O	O
我	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
赌	O	O
钱	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
气	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
若	O	O
赢	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
就	O	O
低	O	O
；	O	O
输	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
就	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
人	O	O
把	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
谱	O	O
吗	O	O
！	O	O
请	O	O
给	O	O
劳	O	O
模	O	O
“	O	O
减	O	O
负	O	O
”	O	O
老	O	O
邱	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
境	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
揪	O	O
心	O	O
忧	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
正	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
水	O	O
潭	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
偃	O	O
师	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
城	O	O
建	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
姐	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
偃	O	O
师	O	O
市	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
局	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
范	O	O
学	O	O
鹏	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
忽	O	O
听	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
呼	O	O
救	O	O
声	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
掉	O	O
进	O	O
潭	O	O
里	O	O
啦	O	O
，	O	O
快	O	O
来	O	O
救	O	O
人	O	O
呀	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
”	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
急	O	O
忙	O	O
转	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
飞	O	O
步	O	O
冲	O	O
到	O	O
大	O	O
水	O	O
潭	O	O
边	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
水	O	O
潭	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
围	O	O
观	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
无	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
救	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
落	O	O
水	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
吓	O	O
得	O	O
瘫	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
声	O	O
痛	O	O
哭	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
顾	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
脱	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
手	O	O
将	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
提	O	O
包	O	O
递	O	O
给	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
围	O	O
观	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
纵	O	O
身	O	O
跳	O	O
进	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
多	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
潭	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
向	O	O
落	O	O
水	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
游	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
被	O	O
淹	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
衣	O	O
领	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
得	O	O
救	O	O
的	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
也	O	O
死	O	O
死	O	O
地	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
太	O	O
会	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
坠	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
沉	O	O
一	O	O
浮	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
潭	O	O
水	O	O
呛	O	O
得	O	O
眼	O	O
冒	O	O
金	O	O
星	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
安	O	O
危	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
把	O	O
被	O	O
淹	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
拉	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
潭	O	O
边	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
用	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
举	O	O
上	O	O
头	O	O
顶	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
的	O	O
姐	O	O
夫	O	O
范	O	O
学	O	O
鹏	O	O
伸	O	O
手	O	O
接	O	O
援	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
拉	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
岸	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
活	O	O
雷	O	O
锋	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
活	O	O
雷	O	O
锋	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
众	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
地	O	O
啧	O	O
啧	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
。	O	O
待	O	O
被	O	O
浸	O	O
湿	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
晒	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
起	O	O
身	O	O
往	O	O
云	B	B
台	M	M
山	E	E
深	O	O
处	O	O
走	O	O
去	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
赵	O	O
文	O	O
军	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
从	O	O
涿	B	B
州	E	E
千	O	O
里	O	O
迢	O	O
迢	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
偃	B	O
师	M	O
市	E	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
地	O	O
握	O	O
住	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
感	O	O
激	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
张	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
俺	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
整	O	O
天	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
想	O	O
着	O	O
你	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
救	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
留	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
寄	O	O
钱	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
叫	O	O
俺	O	O
可	O	O
咋	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
你	O	O
呀	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
说	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
从	O	O
兜	O	O
里	O	O
掏	O	O
出	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
硬	O	O
往	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
伟	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
塞	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
俺	O	O
是	O	O
专	O	O
程	O	O
来	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
咋	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
钱	O	O
你	O	O
得	O	O
收	O	O
下	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
河	O	O
南	O	O
偃	O	O
师	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
焦	O	O
宏	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
虎	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
南	M	M
公	M	M
园	E	E
仅	O	O
剩	O	O
下	O	O
近	O	O
亲	O	O
繁	O	O
育	O	O
生	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
只	O	O
幼	O	O
虎	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
只	O	O
幼	O	O
虎	O	O
已	O	O
到	O	O
壮	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
亲	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
联	O	O
姻	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
园	O	O
无	O	O
１	O	O
只	O	O
小	O	O
虎	O	O
出	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
久	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
虎	O	O
又	O	O
死	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
母	O	O
虎	O	O
３	O	O
岁	O	O
半	O	O
就	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
因	O	O
公	O	O
园	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
虎	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
６	O	O
岁	O	O
有	O	O
余	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
只	O	O
母	O	O
虎	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
空	O	O
守	O	O
“	O	O
闺	O	O
阁	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
：	O	O
已	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
的	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
员	O	O
左	O	O
文	O	O
茹	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
被	O	O
返	O	O
聘	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
虎	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
么	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
能	O	O
再	O	O
像	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
接	O	O
生	O	O
小	O	O
虎	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
！	O	O
（	O	O
吉	B	B
林	M	M
省	E	E
吉	B	B
林	M	M
市	E	E
齐	O	O
洁	O	O
爽	O	O
）	O	O
时	O	O
光	O	O
如	O	O
梭	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
向	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
《	O	O
再	O	O
献	O	O
真	O	O
诚	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
致	O	O
辞	O	O
还	O	O
言	O	O
犹	O	O
在	O	O
耳	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
眼	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
脚	O	O
步	O	O
已	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
抓	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
周	O	O
刊	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
蕴	O	O
含	O	O
着	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
携	O	O
手	O	O
并	O	O
肩	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
《	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
周	O	O
刊	O	O
》	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
味	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
刹	O	O
！	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
间	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
是	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
应	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
与	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
拉	O	O
拉	O	O
扯	O	O
扯	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
吃	O	O
吃	O	O
喝	O	O
喝	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
挥	O	O
霍	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
庸	O	O
俗	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O
时	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
岁	O	O
尾	O	O
。	O	O
往	O	O
年	O	O
此	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
不	O	O
惜	O	O
专	O	O
人	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
受	O	O
礼	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
官	O	O
衔	O	O
”	O	O
高	O	O
低	O	O
和	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
、	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
人	O	O
专	O	O
车	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
债	O	O
”	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
：	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
伤	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
多	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
强	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
为	O	O
抓	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
赶	O	O
进	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
擅	O	O
自	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
强	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
疲	O	O
劳	O	O
而	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
工	O	O
伤	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
为	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
以	O	O
官	O	O
办	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
民	O	O
办	O	O
和	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
占	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
北	B	O
京	M	O
市	E	O
西	B	O
城	M	O
区	E	O
佟	O	O
景	O	O
宸	O	O
）	O	O
我	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
侄	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
才	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
中	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
谈	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
女	O	O
方	O	O
家	O	O
频	O	O
频	O	O
催	O	O
着	O	O
成	O	O
婚	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
为	O	O
侄	O	O
儿	O	O
办	O	O
婚	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
有	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
种	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
河	B	O
南	E	O
开	B	O
封	M	O
市	E	O
牛	O	O
建	O	O
海	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
江	O	O
县	O	O
肉	O	O
联	O	O
厂	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
避	O	O
开	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
债	O	O
权	O	O
人	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
社	O	O
，	O	O
逃	O	O
废	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
中	O	B
华	O	M
人	O	M
民	O	M
共	O	M
和	O	M
国	O	E
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
明	O	O
文	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
向	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
期	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
按	O	O
期	O	O
归	O	O
还	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
《	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
通	O	O
则	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
令	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
号	O	O
）	O	O
》	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
、	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
等	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
逃	O	O
避	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
侵	O	O
吞	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
借	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
、	O	O
租	O	O
赁	O	O
等	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
逃	O	O
避	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
偿	O	O
还	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
本	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
应	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
江	B	O
西	M	O
上	M	O
饶	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
的	O	O
三	B	B
清	M	M
山	E	E
，	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
秀	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
和	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
教	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
著	O	O
称	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
名	O	O
胜	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
别	O	O
让	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
缠	O	O
身	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
兜	O	O
售	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
证	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
报	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
六	O	O
月	O	O
四	O	O
日	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
版	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
不	O	O
该	O	O
为	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
畅	O	O
通	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
河	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
新	B	O
县	E	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
抢	O	O
修	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
新	B	B
县	E	E
沙	B	B
窝	M	M
集	M	M
镇	E	E
到	O	O
湖	B	B
北	E	E
小	B	B
界	M	M
岭	E	E
这	O	O
段	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
路	O	O
面	O	O
已	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
○	O	O
六	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
又	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
繁	O	O
忙	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
麻	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
局	O	O
熊	O	O
承	O	O
元	O	O
毕	O	O
宗	O	O
锐	O	O
）	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
较	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
近	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
因	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
淡	O	O
薄	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
怠	O	O
慢	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
、	O	O
让	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
头	O	O
痛	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
难	O	O
』	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
某	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
去	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
『	O	O
你	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
又	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
那	O	O
事	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
』	O	O
之	O	O
类	O	O
硬	O	O
邦	O	O
邦	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
挡	O	O
在	O	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
别	O	O
说	O	O
让	O	O
座	O	O
、	O	O
泡	O	O
茶	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
找	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
『	O	O
职	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
去	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
真	O	O
喝	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
杯	O	O
热	O	O
茶	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
待	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
『	O	O
职	O	O
』	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
真	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
肇	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
误	O	O
区	O	O
误	O	O
区	O	O
三	O	O
：	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
肇	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
肇	O	O
事	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
肇	O	O
事	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
不	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
好	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
受	O	O
伤	O	O
者	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
肇	O	O
事	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
所	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
张	O	O
成	O	O
聚	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
用	O	O
车	O	O
从	O	O
南	B	O
阳	M	O
市	E	O
环	O	O
城	O	O
路	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
张	O	O
平	O	O
骑	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
迎	O	O
面	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
急	O	O
忙	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
车	O	O
没	O	O
停	O	O
稳	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
张	O	O
平	O	O
撞	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
张	O	O
平	O	O
请	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
成	O	O
聚	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
用	O	O
车	O	O
将	O	O
张	O	O
平	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
肇	O	O
事	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
肇	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
张	O	O
成	O	O
聚	O	O
负	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
张	O	O
平	O	O
不	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
张	O	O
成	O	O
聚	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
因	O	O
张	O	O
平	O	O
被	O	O
其	O	O
撞	O	O
伤	O	O
而	O	O
花	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
成	O	O
聚	O	O
颇	O	O
感	O	O
委	O	O
屈	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
叹	O	O
“	O	O
好	O	O
心	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
报	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
经	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
使	O	O
张	O	O
成	O	O
聚	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
昭	O	O
雪	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
车	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
肇	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
《	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
第	O	O
七	O	O
条	O	O
“	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
伤	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
（	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
时	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
标	O	O
明	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
执	O	O
勤	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
候	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
过	O	O
往	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
报	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
并	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
《	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
条	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
如	O	O
实	O	O
向	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
陈	O	O
述	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
隐	O	O
瞒	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
东	B	B
平	M	M
县	E	E
大	B	B
安	M	M
山	M	M
乡	E	E
的	O	O
东	B	B
平	M	M
湖	E	E
库	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
耕	O	O
地	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
土	O	O
质	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
缺	O	O
水	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
庄	O	O
稼	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
涝	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
庄	O	O
稼	O	O
就	O	O
被	O	O
淹	O	O
死	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
受	O	O
穷	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
搭	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
草	O	O
棚	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
过	O	O
冬	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
借	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
赚	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
两	O	O
级	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
还	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
养	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
养	O	O
鸡	O	O
、	O	O
养	O	O
牛	O	O
羊	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
种	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
种	O	O
蘑	O	O
菇	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
乡	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
还	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
多	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
鱼	O	O
池	O	O
干	O	O
副	O	O
业	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
优	O	O
待	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
富	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
正	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
把	O	O
学	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
传	O	O
给	O	O
左	O	O
邻	O	O
右	O	O
舍	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
抽	O	O
出	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
来	O	O
捐	O	O
给	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
光	O	O
美	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
。	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
于	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
辅	O	O
仁	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
	O	O
云	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
封	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
要	O	O
搞	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
我	O	O
能	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
组	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
这	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
答	O	O
应	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
曾	O	O
请	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
题	O	O
写	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
先	O	O
干	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
很	O	O
欣	O	O
赏	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
是	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
向	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
之	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
曾	O	O
去	O	O
过	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
安	B	B
溪	M	M
县	E	E
，	O	O
那	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
安	B	O
溪	E	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
捐	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
传	O	O
为	O	O
佳	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
他	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
捐	O	O
出	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
伍	O	O
淑	O	O
清	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
刚	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
时	O	O
就	O	O
捐	O	O
来	O	O
两	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
陈	O	O
君	O	O
实	O	O
老	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
分	O	O
社	O	O
辗	O	O
转	O	O
送	O	O
来	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
捐	O	O
给	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
华	O	O
侨	O	O
吴	O	O
京	O	O
红	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
晚	O	O
打	O	O
来	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
“	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
捐	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
王	O	O
一	O	O
平	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
了	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
捐	O	O
了	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
搞	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
再	O	O
翻	O	O
番	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
辛	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
苦	O	O
挣	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
和	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
张	O	O
梅	O	O
在	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
孩	O	O
还	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
在	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
撒	O	O
娇	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
山	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
继	O	O
美	O	O
却	O	O
顶	O	O
着	O	O
太	O	O
阳	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
黄	O	O
继	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
韧	O	O
劲	O	O
和	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
、	O	O
豁	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
喊	O	O
来	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
口	O	O
报	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
戈	O	O
宇	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
他	O	O
拍	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
张	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
。	O	O
母	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
棵	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
大	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
永	O	O
久	O	O
地	O	O
枝	O	O
繁	O	O
叶	O	O
茂	O	O
。	O	O
母	O	O
爱	O	O
是	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
摇	O	O
篮	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
母	O	O
爱	O	O
中	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
示	O	O
和	O	O
牵	O	O
引	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
去	O	O
爱	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
爱	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
母	O	O
爱	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
怀	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
住	O	O
广	B	O
元	M	O
市	E	O
朝	B	O
天	M	O
区	E	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
营	O	O
运	O	O
户	O	O
李	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
从	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
购	O	O
得	O	O
长	O	O
安	O	O
牌	O	O
微	O	O
型	O	O
小	O	O
货	O	O
车	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
。	O	O
购	O	O
车	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
即	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
车	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
修	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
去	O	O
修	O	O
理	O	O
费	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
辆	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
过	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
货	O	O
车	O	O
开	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
广	B	B
元	M	M
市	M	M
长	M	M
城	M	M
宾	M	M
馆	E	E
。	O	O
李	O	O
交	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
元	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
该	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
值	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
未	O	O
向	O	O
李	O	O
出	O	O
具	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
。	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
住	O	O
进	O	O
长	B	B
城	M	M
宾	M	M
馆	E	E
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
早	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
李	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
车	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
值	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
称	O	O
该	O	O
车	O	O
已	O	O
于	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
被	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
穿	O	O
白	O	O
衣	O	O
服	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
用	O	O
钥	O	O
匙	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
开	O	O
走	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
遂	O	O
与	O	O
值	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
向	O	O
嘉	O	O
陵	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
报	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
该	O	O
案	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
未	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
被	O	O
盗	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
玩	O	O
忽	O	O
职	O	O
守	O	O
所	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
遂	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
。	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
则	O	O
以	O	O
李	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
当	O	O
晚	O	O
仅	O	O
交	O	O
纳	O	O
３	O	O
元	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
未	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
保	O	O
管	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
盗	O	O
车	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
用	O	O
钥	O	O
匙	O	O
将	O	O
车	O	O
开	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
不	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
未	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
对	O	O
簿	O	O
公	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
群	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	B
蒙	O	M
古	O	E
林	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
群	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
校	O	O
门	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
侧	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
走	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
群	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
格	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
呼	O	O
和	O	O
浩	O	O
特	O	O
市	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
局	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
花	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
后	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
师	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
交	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
钥	O	O
匙	O	O
押	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
期	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
取	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
取	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
信	O	O
件	O	O
要	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
等	O	O
到	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
群	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
邮	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
取	O	O
走	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
将	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
邮	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
递	O	O
员	O	O
来	O	O
投	O	O
递	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
邮	O	O
箱	O	O
将	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
取	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
信	O	O
件	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
到	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
都	O	O
订	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
群	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
新	O	O
兵	O	O
刚	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
营	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
兵	O	O
就	O	O
端	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
热	O	O
腾	O	O
腾	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
面	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
求	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
《	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
概	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
抽	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
古	O	O
代	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
》	O	O
字	O	O
词	O	O
句	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
懂	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
古	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
沉	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
难	O	O
啃	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
程	O	O
就	O	O
得	O	O
学	O	O
得	O	O
精	O	O
、	O	O
细	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
。	O	O
授	O	O
课	O	O
的	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
著	O	O
书	O	O
立	O	O
说	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
独	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
靠	O	O
死	O	O
啃	O	O
书	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
宁	O	O
愿	O	O
强	O	O
记	O	O
硬	O	O
背	O	O
闭	O	O
卷	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
开	O	O
卷	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
被	O	O
深	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
题	O	O
目	O	O
所	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
而	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
而	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
算	O	O
尽	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
用	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
捕	O	O
捉	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
、	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
练	O	O
笔	O	O
写	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
灵	O	O
感	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
《	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
兵	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
然	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
州	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
《	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
写	O	O
出	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
“	O	O
滋	O	O
味	O	O
”	O	O
来	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
我	O	O
已	O	O
任	O	O
团	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
函	O	O
授	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
打	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
对	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
被	O	O
选	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
精	O	O
短	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
征	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
萃	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
《	O	O
醉	O	O
卧	O	O
芳	O	O
草	O	O
》	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
花	O	O
城	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
又	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
《	O	O
热	O	O
土	O	O
芳	O	O
草	O	O
》	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
与	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
合	O	O
著	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
《	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
遗	O	O
梦	O	O
》	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
封	O	O
底	O	O
简	O	O
介	O	O
中	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
但	O	O
愿	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
年	O	O
华	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
无	O	O
穷	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
扬	O	O
文	O	O
史	O	O
怀	O	O
璧	O	O
焦	O	O
善	O	O
民	O	O
王	O	O
锐	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
中	B	O
条	M	O
山	E	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
太	O	O
岳	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
与	O	O
太	O	B
岳	O	M
区	O	E
党	O	O
委	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
九	O	O
师	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
乘	O	O
机	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
岳	O	O
南	O	O
中	B	O
条	M	O
山	E	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
太	B	B
岳	E	M
南	O	E
进	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
随	O	O
军	O	O
南	O	O
下	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
团	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
选	O	O
派	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
代	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
与	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
派	O	O
史	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
少	O	O
桥	O	O
、	O	O
时	O	O
逸	O	O
之	O	O
等	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
随	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
团	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
调	O	O
韩	O	O
柏	O	O
（	O	O
焦	O	O
善	O	O
民	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
时	O	O
逸	O	O
之	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
锐	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
岳	O	O
南	O	O
地	O	O
委	O	O
与	O	O
专	O	O
署	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
地	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
抽	O	O
调	O	O
周	O	O
一	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
涛	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
、	O	O
妇	O	O
救	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O
岳	O	O
南	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
地	O	O
主	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
动	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
雄	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
阎	O	O
锡	O	O
山	O	O
的	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
军	O	O
同	O	O
临	B	O
汾	E	O
日	O	O
军	O	O
密	O	O
订	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
反	O	O
共	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
我	O	O
党	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
薄	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
党	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
救	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
日	O	O
寇	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
的	O	O
浮	B	O
翼	E	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
和	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
石	B	O
槽	E	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
地	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
了	O	O
岳	O	B
南	O	E
局	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
军	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
撤	O	O
回	O	O
汾	B	B
河	E	E
以	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
蒲	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
临	B	O
汾	E	O
、	O	O
襄	B	O
曲	E	O
与	O	O
白	O	O
晋	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
长	B	O
子	E	O
、	O	O
高	B	O
平	E	O
４	O	O
县	O	O
都	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
县	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
同	O	O
腹	O	O
心	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
浮	B	B
山	E	E
、	O	O
翼	B	B
城	E	E
、	O	O
沁	B	O
水	E	O
、	O	O
士	B	O
敏	E	O
共	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
都	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
岳	O	B
南	O	M
区	O	E
的	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
太	B	B
岳	E	E
、	O	O
晋	B	O
豫	E	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	B	B
条	M	M
山	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
奠	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
稳	O	O
固	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
调	O	O
赴	O	O
延	O	B
安	O	E
中	O	O
央	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
太	B	B
岳	M	M
区	E	E
党	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
威	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
太	B	B
岳	M	M
区	E	E
工	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
太	B	B
岳	M	M
区	E	E
地	O	O
方	O	O
小	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
太	B	B
岳	M	M
革	M	M
命	M	M
根	M	M
据	M	M
地	E	E
主	O	O
要	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
永	O	O
垂	O	O
青	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
光	O	O
”	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
迫	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
区	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
抵	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
敌	O	O
强	O	O
我	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
肆	O	O
烧	O	O
杀	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
镇	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
被	O	O
汉	O	O
奸	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
主	O	O
等	O	O
反	O	O
动	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
敌	O	O
强	O	O
我	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
摧	O	O
毁	O	O
地	O	O
主	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
的	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
由	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
面	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
”	O	O
策	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
动	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
情	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
谎	O	O
报	O	O
军	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
阻	O	O
挠	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
征	O	O
丁	O	O
、	O	O
征	O	O
粮	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
从	O	O
拖	O	O
延	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
拖	O	O
延	O	O
，	O	O
拖	O	O
延	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
拖	O	O
延	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
敷	O	O
之	O	O
衍	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
虚	O	O
与	O	O
周	O	O
旋	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
了	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
方	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
适	O	O
时	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
以	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
面	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
”	O	O
对	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
策	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
华	O	O
北	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
太	B	B
岳	M	M
区	E	E
党	O	O
员	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
沁	B	B
县	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
八	O	O
路	O	O
军	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
彭	O	O
德	O	O
怀	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
抗	O	O
战	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
反	O	O
顽	O	O
”	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
降	O	O
、	O	O
妥	O	O
协	O	O
逆	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
阎	O	O
锡	O	O
山	O	O
磨	O	O
刀	O	O
霍	O	O
霍	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
事	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
反	O	O
投	O	O
降	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
妥	O	O
协	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
事	O	O
变	O	O
；	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
顽	O	O
固	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
太	B	B
岳	M	M
区	E	E
粉	O	O
碎	O	O
阎	O	O
锡	O	O
山	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
事	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
恶	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
妥	O	O
协	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
严	O	O
于	O	O
律	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
极	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
性	O	O
；	O	O
他	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
楷	O	O
模	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
和	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
住	O	O
窑	O	O
洞	O	O
，	O	O
吃	O	O
野	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
粗	O	O
布	O	O
衣	O	O
服	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
他	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
到	O	O
深	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
按	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
作	O	O
息	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
出	O	O
早	O	O
操	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
搞	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
实	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
空	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
犯	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
不	O	O
歧	O	O
视	O	O
、	O	O
耐	O	O
心	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
蔼	O	O
可	O	O
亲	O	O
、	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
备	O	O
至	O	O
。	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
上	O	O
配	O	O
备	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
匹	O	O
马	O	O
。	O	O
警	O	O
卫	O	O
员	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
马	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
徒	O	O
步	O	O
随	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
警	O	O
卫	O	O
员	O	O
走	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
把	O	O
马	O	O
让	O	O
给	O	O
警	O	O
卫	O	O
员	O	O
骑	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
他	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
步	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
刘	O	O
竞	O	O
雄	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
大	O	O
灶	O	O
上	O	O
吃	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
过	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
寇	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
“	O	O
扫	O	O
荡	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
带	O	O
病	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
开	O	O
荒	O	O
种	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
司	O	O
务	O	O
长	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
首	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
虚	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
弄	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
白	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
给	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
吃	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
司	O	O
务	O	O
长	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
白	O	O
面	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
白	O	O
面	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
没	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
吃	O	O
一	O	O
顿	O	O
白	O	O
面	O	O
拌	O	O
汤	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
患	O	O
重	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
竞	O	O
雄	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
延	B	B
安	E	E
得	O	O
知	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
节	O	O
省	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
陕	B	B
北	E	E
票	O	O
汇	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
子	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
交	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
补	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
伙	O	O
食	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
爱	O	O
戴	O	O
的	O	O
卓	O	O
越	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
找	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
上	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
调	O	O
你	O	O
到	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
去	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
很	O	O
感	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
残	O	O
废	O	O
爬	O	O
山	O	O
越	O	O
岭	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
讲	O	O
价	O	O
钱	O	O
”	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
到	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
是	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
向	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
你	O	O
去	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
你	O	O
有	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
劲	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
定	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
和	O	O
你	O	O
商	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
当	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
为	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
高	O	O
教	O	O
部	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
重	O	O
镇	O	O
成	B	O
都	E	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
成	O	O
都	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
筹	O	O
建	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
亲	O	O
赴	O	O
成	B	B
都	E	E
督	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
住	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
李	O	O
井	O	O
泉	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
出	O	O
乎	O	O
意	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
筹	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
地	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
先	O	O
例	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
又	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
、	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
、	O	O
长	B	B
春	E	E
、	O	O
西	B	B
安	E	E
、	O	O
宣	B	O
化	E	O
、	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
昆	B	B
明	E	E
等	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
所	O	O
中	O	O
等	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
级	O	O
成	O	O
龙	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
早	O	O
年	O	O
留	O	O
法	O	O
勤	O	O
工	O	O
俭	O	O
学	O	O
时	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
局	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
军	O	O
工	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
械	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
很	O	O
内	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
若	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
常	O	O
规	O	O
从	O	O
头	O	O
抓	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
建	O	O
厂	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
起	O	O
码	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
借	O	O
鸡	O	O
生	O	O
蛋	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
先	O	O
找	O	O
了	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
吕	O	O
正	O	O
操	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
原	O	O
属	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	B
家	O	M
口	O	E
铁	O	O
路	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
锅	O	O
端	O	O
”	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
厂	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
张	O	B
家	O	M
口	O	E
探	O	O
矿	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
底	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
等	O	O
米	O	O
下	O	O
锅	O	O
”	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
垂	O	O
询	O	O
李	O	O
四	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
同	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
搞	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
马	O	O
挡	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
万	O	O
马	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
前	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
每	O	O
周	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
抽	O	O
调	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
兵	O	O
种	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
会	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
储	O	O
油	O	O
构	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
柴	B	O
达	M	O
木	M	O
盆	M	O
地	E	O
、	O	O
华	B	B
北	M	E
盆	M	O
地	E	O
、	O	O
四	B	B
川	M	M
盆	M	M
地	E	E
３	O	O
个	O	O
储	O	O
油	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
李	O	O
四	O	O
光	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
从	O	O
松	B	O
辽	E	O
南	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
华	B	B
北	M	M
平	M	M
原	E	E
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
华	B	O
北	E	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
在	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
黄	B	O
骅	E	O
和	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
济	B	B
阳	E	E
，	O	O
以	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
广	B	B
饶	M	M
县	E	E
的	O	O
东	B	O
营	E	O
、	O	O
沾	B	O
化	M	O
县	E	O
的	O	O
义	B	B
和	M	M
庄	E	E
、	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
黄	B	B
骅	M	M
县	E	E
的	O	O
羊	B	O
三	M	O
木	E	O
、	O	O
盐	B	B
山	E	E
等	O	O
为	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
口	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
在	O	O
河	B	B
南	E	E
济	B	O
源	E	O
钻	O	O
探	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
含	O	O
油	O	O
砂	O	O
岩	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
义	B	O
和	M	O
庄	E	O
获	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
油	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
华	B	B
北	M	M
平	M	M
原	E	E
石	O	O
油	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
在	O	O
羊	B	O
三	M	O
木	E	O
获	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
油	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
港	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
江	B	B
汉	M	M
平	M	M
原	E	E
等	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
宣	O	O
告	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
自	O	O
给	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
洋	O	O
油	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
摘	O	O
掉	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
贫	O	O
油	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
帽	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
部	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
融	O	O
洽	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
有	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
碰	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
碰	O	O
头	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
余	O	O
秋	O	O
里	O	O
家	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
家	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
戏	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
拖	O	O
着	O	O
残	O	O
腿	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
大	B	B
庆	E	E
、	O	O
扶	B	O
余	E	O
、	O	O
黄	B	O
骅	E	O
、	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
、	O	O
江	B	B
汉	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
跑	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
遍	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
还	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
止	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
历	O	O
经	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
锤	O	O
炼	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
为	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
找	O	O
矿	O	O
立	O	O
功	O	O
为	O	O
荣	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
”	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
创	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
资	O	O
历	O	O
最	O	O
深	O	O
和	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
部	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
最	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
在	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
旅	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
带	O	O
到	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
不	O	O
畏	O	O
艰	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
厉	O	O
风	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
敬	O	O
业	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
苦	O	O
为	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
苦	O	O
为	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
“	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
活	O	O
泼	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
列	O	O
宁	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
头	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
觉	O	O
悟	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
无	O	O
私	O	O
、	O	O
忘	O	O
我	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
”	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
由	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
何	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
是	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
敌	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
给	O	O
改	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
长	O	O
工	O	O
”	O	O
自	O	O
勉	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
兢	O	O
兢	O	O
业	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
勤	O	O
勤	O	O
恳	O	O
恳	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
疾	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
甘	O	O
当	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
论	O	O
统	O	O
揽	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
统	O	O
揽	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
本	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
坐	O	O
井	O	O
观	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
偏	O	O
概	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
代	O	O
替	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
代	O	O
替	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
见	O	O
微	O	O
而	O	O
知	O	O
著	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
形	O	O
而	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
牺	O	O
牲	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
卢	O	O
劲	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
议	O	O
长	O	O
哈	O	O
马	O	O
迪	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
恰	O	O
逢	O	O
中	O	O
伊	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
在	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
共	O	O
处	O	O
五	O	O
项	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
同	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
出	O	O
身	O	O
”	O	O
栏	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
新	O	O
旧	O	O
转	O	O
轨	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
赶	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
。	O	O
学	O	O
籍	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
卡	O	O
中	O	O
印	O	O
有	O	O
『	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
出	O	O
身	O	O
』	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
好	O	O
笑	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
深	O	O
思	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
例	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
按	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
因	O	O
拒	O	O
当	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
陪	O	O
”	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
而	O	O
被	O	O
逼	O	O
跳	O	O
楼	O	O
致	O	O
瘫	O	O
的	O	O
少	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
血	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
‘	O	O
扫	O	O
黄	O	O
’	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
手	O	O
软	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
喊	O	O
打	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
丑	O	O
恶	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
泪	O	O
控	O	O
诉	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
党	O	O
心	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
义	O	O
呐	O	O
喊	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
警	O	O
示	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
扫	O	O
黄	O	O
打	O	O
非	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
荡	O	O
涤	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
污	O	O
泥	O	O
浊	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
抓	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
恶	O	O
务	O	O
尽	O	O
。	O	O
让	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
乐	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
刘	O	O
海	O	O
荣	O	O
专	O	O
程	O	O
到	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
唐	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
唐	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
在	O	O
绝	O	O
境	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
血	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
同	O	O
不	O	O
法	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
拼	O	O
死	O	O
抗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
女	O	O
性	O	O
自	O	O
尊	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
爱	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
扫	O	O
除	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
丑	O	O
恶	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
逼	O	O
良	O	O
为	O	O
娼	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
法	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
严	O	O
惩	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
再	O	O
残	O	O
害	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
。	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
又	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
判	O	O
断	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
论	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
两	O	O
条	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
成	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
回	O	O
落	O	O
并	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
是	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
趋	O	O
低	O	O
是	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
做	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
Ａ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
事	O	O
物	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
二	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
总	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
过	O	O
度	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
。	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
４	O	O
次	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
定	O	O
购	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
市	O	O
斤	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
元	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
市	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
时	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
―	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
种	O	O
粮	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
过	O	O
猛	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
攀	O	O
升	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
抬	O	O
价	O	O
抢	O	O
购	O	O
等	O	O
非	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
供	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
回	O	O
落	O	O
当	O	O
属	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
回	O	O
落	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
逆	O	O
向	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
竞	O	O
销	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
了	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
过	O	O
度	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
按	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
价	O	O
敞	O	O
开	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
余	O	O
粮	O	O
等	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
既	O	O
定	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
粮	O	O
价	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
区	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
容	O	O
忍	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
半	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
待	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
容	O	O
忍	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
来	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
丝	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
凯	O	O
恩	O	O
斯	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
总	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
开	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
药	O	O
方	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
三	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
时	O	O
虽	O	O
起	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
容	O	O
忍	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
为	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
滞	O	O
胀	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
高	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
停	O	O
滞	O	O
并	O	O
存	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
与	O	O
高	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
并	O	O
存	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
半	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
待	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
总	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
基	O	O
数	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
的	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
重	O	O
复	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
过	O	O
剩	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
、	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
正	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
所	O	O
伴	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
阵	O	O
痛	O	O
。	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
用	O	O
容	O	O
忍	O	O
通	O	O
胀	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
虚	O	O
假	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
重	O	O
复	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
趋	O	O
同	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
许	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
会	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
会	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
较	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
病	O	O
灶	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
靠	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
能	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
总	O	O
能	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
大	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
落	O	O
恰	O	O
恰	O	O
是	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
》	O	O
首	O	O
映	O	O
《	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
》	O	O
画	O	O
册	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
室	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
组	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
》	O	O
画	O	O
册	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
由	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
排	O	O
队	O	O
争	O	O
购	O	O
金	O	O
像	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
增	O	O
开	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
●	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
棚	O	O
代	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
●	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
购	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
路	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
排	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
始	O	O
发	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
工	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
上	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
票	O	O
贩	O	O
子	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
套	O	O
购	O	O
车	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
春	O	O
运	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
退	O	O
票	O	O
于	O	O
开	O	O
车	O	O
６	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
前	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
退	O	O
票	O	O
费	O	O
按	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
核	O	O
收	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
福	O	O
纯	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
，	O	O
距	O	O
南	O	O
开	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
不	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
公	O	O
园	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
矗	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
庄	O	O
重	O	O
而	O	O
素	O	O
洁	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
群	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
翘	O	O
首	O	O
期	O	O
盼	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	B
恩	O	M
来	O	M
邓	O	M
颖	O	M
超	O	M
纪	O	M
念	O	M
馆	O	E
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
诞	O	O
辰	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
人	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
此	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
对	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
追	O	O
思	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
添	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
砖	O	O
，	O	O
搬	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
瓦	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
民	O	O
航	O	O
以	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
与	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
不	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
的	O	O
尴	O	O
尬	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
八	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
臂	O	O
膀	O	O
极	O	O
不	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
有	O	O
史	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
就	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
俩	O	O
？	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
养	O	O
牛	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
种	O	O
些	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
谭	O	O
量	O	O
顺	O	O
家	O	O
时	O	O
顺	O	O
便	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
院	O	O
落	O	O
：	O	O
空	O	O
空	O	O
荡	O	O
荡	O	O
的	O	O
秸	O	O
秆	O	O
氨	O	O
化	O	O
池	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
道	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
谭	O	O
量	O	O
顺	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
安	O	O
详	O	O
而	O	O
知	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
兵	O	O
器	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
兵	O	O
器	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
保	O	O
军	O	O
转	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
兵	O	O
器	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
“	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
用	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
扭	O	O
亏	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
董	O	O
建	O	O
勤	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
“	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
富	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
以	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
小	O	O
水	O	O
窖	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
塘	O	O
坝	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
水	O	O
池	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
泵	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
水	O	O
渠	O	O
等	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
小	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
就	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
抗	O	O
旱	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
龚	O	O
雯	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
总	O	O
署	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
商	O	O
检	O	O
局	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
就	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
旧	O	O
机	O	O
电	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
局	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
华	O	O
夏	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
游	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	O	O
剑	O	O
红	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
：	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
摆	O	O
到	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
洪	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
家	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
读	O	O
《	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
波	O	O
澜	O	O
壮	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
过	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
过	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
过	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
和	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
地	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
内	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
等	O	O
赴	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
同	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
党	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
十	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
率	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
在	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
、	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
继	O	O
续	O	O
同	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
党	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
停	O	O
战	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
三	O	O
人	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
。	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
蒋	O	O
介	O	O
石	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
对	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
区	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
中	O	O
原	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
分	O	O
路	O	O
突	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
同	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
等	O	O
转	O	O
战	O	O
陕	B	B
北	E	E
，	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
协	O	O
同	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
刘	O	O
（	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
）	O	O
邓	O	O
（	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
（	O	O
毅	O	O
）	O	O
粟	O	O
（	O	O
裕	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
（	O	O
赓	O	O
）	O	O
谢	O	O
（	O	O
富	O	O
治	O	O
）	O	O
三	O	O
路	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
挺	O	O
进	O	O
中	B	O
原	E	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
外	O	O
线	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
引	O	O
向	O	O
（	B	O
长	M	O
）	M	O
江	E	O
、	O	O
淮	B	B
（	M	M
河	M	E
）	E	O
、	O	O
（	B	O
黄	M	O
）	M	O
河	E	O
、	O	O
汉	B	O
（	M	O
水	M	O
）	E	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
内	O	O
线	O	O
各	O	O
兵	O	O
团	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
攻	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
党	O	O
军	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
防	O	O
御	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
兼	O	O
任	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
代	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
和	O	O
敌	O	O
我	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
引	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
党	O	O
统	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
应	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
次	O	O
带	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
战	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
、	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
辽	O	O
沈	O	O
、	O	O
淮	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
平	O	B
津	O	E
三	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
起	O	O
草	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
昼	O	O
夜	O	O
多	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
份	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
渡	O	O
江	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
向	O	O
东	O	B
南	O	E
、	O	O
中	O	B
南	O	E
、	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
、	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
进	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
岛	O	O
屿	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
、	O	O
绥	B	O
远	E	O
、	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
、	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
番	O	O
号	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
编	O	O
入	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
稿	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
篇	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
锋	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
六	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
旧	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
雇	O	O
佣	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
先	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
兵	O	O
制	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
非	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
无	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
化	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
是	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
把	O	O
以	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
份	O	O
的	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
无	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
？	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
和	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
起	O	O
草	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
起	O	O
草	O	O
给	O	O
红	O	O
四	O	O
军	O	O
前	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
封	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
答	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
苏	B	O
维	M	O
埃	E	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
及	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
封	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
信	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
所	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
五	O	O
）	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
使	O	O
官	O	O
佐	O	O
、	O	O
士	O	O
兵	O	O
及	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
晓	O	O
得	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
中	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
及	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
队	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
命	O	O
脉	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
而	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
“	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
敌	O	O
后	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
新	O	O
式	O	O
整	O	O
军	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
为	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
中	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
“	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
素	O	O
养	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
素	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
在	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
素	O	O
养	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
和	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
弼	O	O
时	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
河	B	O
北	M	O
省	E	O
西	B	O
柏	M	O
坡	E	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
辽	O	O
沈	O	O
、	O	O
淮	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
平	O	B
津	O	E
三	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
面	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
条	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
力	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
源	O	O
远	O	O
流	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
和	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
载	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
，	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
决	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
数	O	O
以	O	O
亿	O	O
计	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
数	O	O
以	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
从	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
！	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
对	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
脚	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
！	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
敬	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
忌	O	O
辰	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
平	O	O
昭	O	O
示	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
活	O	O
得	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
又	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
诗	O	O
人	O	O
朗	O	O
费	O	O
罗	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
句	O	O
。	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
榜	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
点	O	O
点	O	O
滴	O	O
滴	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
事	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
铸	O	O
就	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
魂	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
重	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
小	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
言	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
一	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
操	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
确	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
不	O	O
屑	O	O
一	O	O
顾	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
平	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
韩	O	O
杼	O	O
滨	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
和	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
三	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
倡	O	O
廉	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
灾	O	O
情	O	O
北	B	O
京	E	O
赴	O	O
藏	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
务	O	O
司	O	O
司	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
方	O	O
安	O	O
生	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
。	O	O
在	O	O
启	B	B
德	M	M
机	M	M
场	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
简	O	O
短	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
方	O	O
安	O	O
生	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
之	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冯	O	O
霄	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
知	O	O
名	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
邵	O	O
逸	O	O
夫	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
向	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
内	O	O
地	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
赠	O	O
款	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
朱	O	O
开	O	O
轩	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
程	O	O
来	O	O
港	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
赠	O	O
款	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
焚	O	O
烧	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
秸	O	O
秆	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
它	O	O
粉	O	O
碎	O	O
、	O	O
气	O	O
化	O	O
后	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
做	O	O
饭	O	O
取	O	O
暖	O	O
。	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
今	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
秸	O	O
秆	O	O
气	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
晴	O	O
朗	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O
环	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
名	O	O
胜	O	O
左	B	O
海	M	O
公	M	O
园	E	O
而	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
西	O	O
游	O	O
记	O	O
宫	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
被	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
拆	O	O
除	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
而	O	O
代	O	O
之	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
等	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
青	O	O
绿	O	O
草	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
颇	O	O
具	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
西	O	O
游	O	O
记	O	O
宫	O	O
”	O	O
建	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
《	O	O
西	O	O
游	O	O
记	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
刚	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
能	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
门	O	O
庭	O	O
冷	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
左	O	O
海	O	O
平	O	O
湖	O	O
却	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
被	O	O
严	O	O
严	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
遮	O	O
盖	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
开	O	O
始	O	O
拆	O	O
除	O	O
“	O	O
西	O	O
游	O	O
记	O	O
宫	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
亚	O	O
欧	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
桥	O	O
全	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
境	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
共	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
货	O	O
物	O	O
分	O	O
属	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
龚	O	O
永	O	O
泉	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
沈	O	O
飞	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
松	O	O
陵	O	O
实	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
被	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
聘	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
忠	O	O
家	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冯	O	O
杰	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
沈	B	O
阳	M	O
市	E	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
张	O	O
荣	O	O
茂	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
慕	O	O
绥	O	O
新	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
任	O	O
殿	O	O
喜	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	M	M
市	E	E
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
金	O	O
风	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
武	B	B
汉	M	M
市	E	E
第	O	O
十	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
岩	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
市	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
王	O	O
守	O	O
海	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
武	B	B
汉	M	M
市	E	E
市	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
武	B	O
汉	M	O
市	E	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
善	O	O
璧	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
合	O	O
编	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
》	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
挂	O	O
图	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
所	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
挂	O	O
图	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
浅	O	O
出	O	O
地	O	O
概	O	O
括	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
近	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
叶	O	O
达	O	O
泉	O	O
）	O	O
彭	O	O
	O	O
云	O	O
在	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
计	O	O
生	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
彭	O	O
	O	O
云	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
与	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
繁	O	O
重	O	O
、	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
、	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
把	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
和	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
手	O	O
笔	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
如	O	O
火	O	O
如	O	O
荼	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
深	O	O
圳	O	O
万	O	O
德	O	O
莱	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
却	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
黑	O	O
马	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
姿	O	O
态	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
性	O	O
能	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
热	O	O
浪	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
接	O	O
连	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
张	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
入	O	O
网	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
入	O	O
网	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
证	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
子	O	O
母	O	O
机	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
Ｗ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
一	O	O
夜	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
就	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
默	O	O
默	O	O
无	O	O
闻	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
一	O	O
跃	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
从	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
向	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
们	O	O
惊	O	O
呼	O	O
：	O	O
万	O	O
德	O	O
莱	O	O
简	O	O
直	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
神	O	O
话	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
张	O	O
榜	O	O
招	O	O
贤	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
地	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
招	O	O
来	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
挖	O	O
”	O	O
来	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
万	O	O
德	O	O
莱	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
库	O	O
”	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
Ｗ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
与	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
部	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
所	O	O
联	O	O
姻	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
芯	O	O
多	O	O
壳	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
壳	O	O
多	O	O
芯	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
壳	O	O
多	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
派	O	O
生	O	O
衍	O	O
化	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
、	O	O
款	O	O
式	O	O
精	O	O
巧	O	O
、	O	O
煞	O	O
是	O	O
逗	O	O
人	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
、	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
杰	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
积	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
奔	O	O
向	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
郗	O	O
永	O	O
年	O	O
）	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
在	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
蓟	B	B
县	E	E
山	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
尘	O	O
，	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
华	B	B
北	E	E
一	O	O
带	O	O
曾	O	O
降	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
“	O	O
陨	O	O
石	O	O
雨	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
尘	O	O
为	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
球	O	O
粒	O	O
，	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
演	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
太	O	O
阳	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
和	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
学	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
库	O	O
》	O	O
展	O	O
理	O	O
性	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
《	O	O
林	O	O
散	O	O
之	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
集	O	O
》	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
由	O	O
古	O	O
吴	O	O
轩	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
会	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
：	O	O
宁	O	O
夏	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
农	O	O
林	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
农	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
宁	O	B
夏	O	M
回	O	M
族	O	M
自	O	M
治	O	M
区	O	E
平	O	B
罗	O	M
县	O	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
局	O	O
宁	O	O
夏	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
委	O	O
青	O	O
海	O	O
省	O	O
平	O	O
弦	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
青	O	O
海	O	O
省	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
新	O	O
疆	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
评	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
戴	O	O
月	O	O
琴	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	M
市	O	E
昌	O	B
平	O	M
县	O	E
十	O	O
三	O	O
陵	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
张	O	O
燕	O	O
红	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
农	O	O
林	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
袁	O	O
士	O	O
畴	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
张	O	O
淑	O	O
婕	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
科	O	O
副	O	O
科	O	O
长	O	O
夏	O	O
光	O	O
地	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
医	O	O
科	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
总	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
儿	O	O
科	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
医	O	O
师	O	O
银	O	O
寿	O	O
春	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
园	O	O
艺	O	O
系	O	O
副	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
王	O	O
金	O	O
春	O	O
河	B	O
北	M	O
省	M	O
大	M	O
厂	M	O
回	M	O
族	M	O
自	M	O
治	M	O
县	E	O
副	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
赵	O	O
德	O	O
平	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
保	O	O
定	O	O
市	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
杜	O	O
庆	O	O
生	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
科	O	O
管	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
丕	O	O
秀	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
太	O	O
原	O	O
市	O	O
农	O	O
科	O	O
所	O	O
所	O	O
长	O	O
黄	O	O
谷	O	O
人	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
骨	O	O
科	O	O
主	O	O
治	O	O
医	O	O
师	O	O
宋	O	O
洁	O	O
富	O	O
内	O	B
蒙	O	M
古	O	M
自	O	M
治	O	M
区	O	E
呼	O	B
和	O	M
浩	O	M
特	O	M
市	O	E
科	O	O
委	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
科	O	O
科	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
月	O	O
世	O	O
内	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
包	O	O
头	O	O
市	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
李	O	O
俊	O	O
杰	O	O
辽	O	B
宁	O	M
省	O	E
鞍	O	B
山	O	M
市	O	E
科	O	O
委	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
长	O	O
高	O	O
成	O	O
蒲	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
省	O	O
锦	O	O
州	O	O
评	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
副	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
虹	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
省	O	O
阜	O	O
新	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
副	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
馆	O	O
员	O	O
席	O	O
怀	O	O
贞	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
省	O	O
铁	O	O
岭	O	O
市	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
玉	O	O
昆	O	O
辽	O	B
宁	O	M
省	O	E
大	O	B
连	O	M
市	O	M
普	O	M
兰	O	M
店	O	M
新	O	M
华	O	M
书	O	M
店	O	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
员	O	O
周	O	O
永	O	O
东	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
省	O	O
辽	O	O
阳	O	O
市	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
科	O	O
副	O	O
科	O	O
长	O	O
付	O	O
杰	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
省	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
附	O	O
属	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
金	O	O
明	O	O
秀	O	O
吉	O	O
林	O	O
省	O	O
集	O	O
安	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
韩	O	O
瑞	O	O
云	O	O
吉	O	O
林	O	O
省	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
堂	O	O
副	O	O
编	O	O
审	O	O
齐	O	O
智	O	O
一	O	O
吉	O	O
林	O	O
省	O	O
四	O	O
平	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
科	O	O
科	O	O
长	O	O
韩	O	B
国	O	E
瑞	O	O
黑	O	O
龙	O	O
江	O	O
省	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
立	O	O
杰	O	O
黑	O	O
龙	O	O
江	O	O
共	O	O
青	O	O
团	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
市	O	O
金	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
员	O	O
陶	O	O
新	O	O
弟	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
系	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
级	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
班	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
李	O	O
凤	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	M
市	O	E
杨	O	O
浦	O	O
区	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
杨	O	O
安	O	O
礼	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
省	O	O
淮	O	O
阴	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
仲	O	O
波	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
省	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
部	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
力	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
菏	O	O
泽	O	O
市	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
安	O	O
喜	O	O
榜	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
厅	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
处	O	O
副	O	O
处	O	O
长	O	O
卢	O	O
增	O	O
全	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
千	O	O
佛	O	O
山	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
外	O	O
科	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
医	O	O
师	O	O
于	O	O
振	O	O
海	O	O
安	O	O
徽	O	O
省	O	O
凤	O	O
阳	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
孙	O	O
建	O	O
密	O	O
安	O	O
徽	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
厅	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
处	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
张	O	O
士	O	O
卿	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
省	O	O
杭	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
局	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
清	O	O
清	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
省	O	O
德	O	O
清	O	O
县	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
站	O	O
副	O	O
站	O	O
长	O	O
潘	O	O
建	O	O
芳	O	O
江	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
新	O	O
干	O	O
县	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
周	O	O
赞	O	O
富	O	O
江	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
朱	O	O
斌	O	O
成	O	O
江	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
于	O	O
都	O	O
县	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
馆	O	O
馆	O	O
长	O	O
曹	O	O
景	O	O
正	O	O
江	O	O
西	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
附	O	O
属	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
内	O	O
科	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
吕	O	O
农	O	O
华	O	O
福	O	O
建	O	O
省	O	O
福	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
张	O	O
文	O	O
瑞	O	O
福	O	O
建	O	O
省	O	O
仙	O	O
游	O	O
县	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
光	O	O
达	O	O
河	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
部	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
马	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
河	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
新	O	O
乡	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
附	O	O
属	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
荣	O	O
轩	O	O
开	O	O
封	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
附	O	O
属	O	O
淮	O	O
河	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
果	O	O
树	O	O
茶	O	O
叶	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
刘	O	O
付	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
豫	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
喜	O	O
华	O	O
中	O	O
南	O	O
林	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
赵	O	O
思	O	O
东	O	O
湖	O	B
南	O	M
省	O	E
溆	O	B
浦	O	M
县	O	E
新	O	O
华	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
王	O	O
铁	O	O
生	O	O
湖	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
宁	O	O
乡	O	O
县	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
谭	O	O
葵	O	O
湘	O	O
潭	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
团	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
李	O	O
雁	O	O
鹰	O	O
中	O	O
山	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
崔	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	B
东	O	M
省	O	E
五	O	B
华	O	M
县	O	E
文	O	B
化	O	M
馆	O	E
副	O	O
馆	O	O
长	O	O
卓	O	O
小	O	O
六	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
深	O	O
圳	O	O
市	O	O
眼	O	O
科	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
朱	O	O
圣	O	O
练	O	O
广	O	O
西	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
部	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
彭	O	O
勇	O	O
广	O	O
西	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
丘	O	O
诚	O	O
光	O	O
海	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
馆	O	O
副	O	O
馆	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
亚	O	O
福	O	O
海	B	B
南	M	M
省	M	E
白	M	B
沙	M	M
黎	M	M
族	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
县	E	E
副	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
吕	O	O
志	O	O
贵	O	O
王	O	O
立	O	O
成	O	O
侯	O	O
老	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
迷	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
的	O	O
他	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
七	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
本	O	B
溪	O	M
市	O	E
职	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
买	O	O
来	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
名	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
录	O	O
像	O	O
带	O	O
、	O	O
磁	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
地	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
模	O	O
仿	O	O
，	O	O
白	O	O
天	O	O
到	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
里	O	O
再	O	O
向	O	O
内	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
请	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
就	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
出	O	O
折	O	O
子	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
唱	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
园	O	O
里	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
蛮	O	O
有	O	O
味	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
健	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
向	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
在	O	O
清	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
在	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
新	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
俄	O	O
白	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
谢	O	O
罗	O	O
夫	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
白	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
同	O	O
乌	B	B
克	M	M
兰	E	E
、	O	O
哈	B	B
萨	M	M
克	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
却	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
白	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
深	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
敬	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
阁	O	O
下	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
永	O	O
垂	O	O
不	O	O
朽	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
（	O	O
摘	O	O
译	O	O
）	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
六	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
日	O	O
中	O	O
曾	O	O
根	O	O
康	O	O
弘	O	O
俄	B	O
国	E	O
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
罗	O	O
高	O	O
寿	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
六	O	O
．	O	O
四	O	O
．	O	O
五	O	O
韩	O	O
素	O	O
音	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
五	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
土	B	B
库	M	M
曼	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
首	O	O
都	O	O
阿	B	B
什	M	M
哈	M	M
巴	M	M
德	E	E
继	O	O
续	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
就	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
间	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
地	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
土	B	B
库	M	M
曼	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
佐	O	O
夫	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
土	B	B
库	M	M
曼	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
的	O	O
中	O	O
立	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
“	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
”	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
统	O	O
一	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
普	O	O
里	O	O
马	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
俄	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
不	O	O
尽	O	O
如	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
俄	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
疏	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O
俄	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
是	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
绕	O	O
过	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
向	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
内	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
想	O	O
用	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
间	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
壁	O	O
垒	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
来	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
缺	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
与	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
做	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
比	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
合	O	O
算	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
在	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
呈	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
俄	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
部	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
下	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
头	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
与	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
在	O	O
俄	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
占	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
“	O	O
分	O	O
而	O	O
治	O	O
之	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
地	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
离	O	O
心	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
阻	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
塔	O	O
拉	O	O
索	O	O
夫	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
军	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
格	B	B
鲁	M	M
吉	M	M
亚	E	E
―	O	O
阿	B	B
布	M	M
哈	M	M
兹	E	E
冲	O	O
突	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
支	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
才	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
使	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
重	O	O
返	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
突	B	B
尼	M	M
斯	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
吕	O	O
志	O	O
星	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
还	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
处	O	O
和	O	O
纳	O	O
伊	O	O
夫	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
对	O	O
黎	O	O
巴	O	O
嫩	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
清	O	O
除	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
而	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
向	O	O
科	B	O
摩	M	O
罗	M	O
伊	M	O
斯	M	O
兰	M	O
联	M	O
邦	M	O
共	M	O
和	M	O
国	E	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
反	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
就	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
调	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
西	O	O
部	O	O
雷	B	O
利	M	O
赞	M	O
省	E	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
庄	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
兰	E	E
极	O	O
端	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
以	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
辜	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
死	O	O
于	O	O
非	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
省	O	O
份	O	O
又	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
４	O	O
起	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
尔	E	E
南	O	O
部	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
伏	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
挪	B	B
威	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
沃	O	O
勒	O	O
贝	O	O
克	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
耶	B	B
路	M	M
撒	M	M
冷	E	E
证	O	O
实	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
和	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
罗	O	O
德	O	O
―	O	O
拉	O	O
森	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
南	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
食	O	O
品	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
伊	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
量	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
滥	O	O
用	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
而	O	O
滥	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
议	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
土	O	O
美	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
海	O	O
军	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
宇	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谷	O	O
利	O	O
源	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
名	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
停	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
家	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
在	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
钟	O	O
行	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
巴	O	O
林	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
结	O	O
局	O	O
是	O	O
惨	O	O
痛	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
里	O	O
森	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
熟	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
才	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
委	O	O
以	O	O
重	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
疏	O	O
于	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
当	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
隐	O	O
隐	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
层	O	O
也	O	O
未	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
事	O	O
态	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
。	O	O
哥	B	B
本	M	M
哈	M	M
根	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
晨	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
遭	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
窃	O	O
贼	O	O
是	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
锯	O	O
刀	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
青	O	O
铜	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
部	O	O
锯	O	O
掉	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
潜	O	O
水	O	O
员	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
对	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
域	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
搜	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
探	O	O
明	O	O
头	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
被	O	O
抛	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
人	O	O
鱼	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
部	O	O
曾	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
盗	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
胳	O	O
膊	O	O
又	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
锯	O	O
掉	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
铸	O	O
造	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
子	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
完	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
人	O	O
鱼	O	O
才	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
原	O	O
形	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
报	O	O
纸	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
断	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
“	O	O
哈	O	O
勃	O	O
”	O	O
所	O	O
拍	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
号	O	O
为	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
的	O	O
星	O	O
系	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
。	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
距	O	O
银	O	O
河	O	O
系	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
光	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
星	O	O
系	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
其	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
最	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
比	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
星	O	O
系	O	O
大	O	O
出	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
小	O	O
星	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
星	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
力	O	O
也	O	O
远	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
星	O	O
团	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
连	O	O
拉	O	O
带	O	O
扯	O	O
地	O	O
将	O	O
小	O	O
星	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
星	O	O
团	O	O
“	O	O
据	O	O
为	O	O
己	O	O
有	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
波	O	B
尼	O	M
拉	O	E
没	O	O
有	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
说	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
买	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
价	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
“	O	O
无	O	O
本	O	O
万	O	O
利	O	O
”	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
洪	O	O
都	O	O
拉	O	O
斯	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
还	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
松	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
松	O	O
树	O	O
对	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
洪	B	B
都	M	M
拉	M	M
斯	E	E
位	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
美	M	M
洲	E	E
，	O	O
境	O	O
内	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
着	O	O
茂	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
的	O	O
普	B	O
拉	M	O
塔	M	O
诺	M	O
河	E	O
流	O	O
域	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
丛	O	O
林	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
大	B	B
西	M	M
洋	E	E
沿	O	O
岸	O	O
的	O	O
达	B	O
瓦	M	O
卡	E	O
丛	O	O
林	O	O
区	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
林	O	O
木	O	O
繁	O	O
茂	O	O
、	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
、	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
光	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
已	O	O
数	O	O
日	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
按	O	O
部	O	O
就	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
井	O	O
井	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
；	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
是	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
得	O	O
最	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
都	O	O
醒	O	O
目	O	O
地	O	O
标	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
旧	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
盒	O	O
奶	O	O
旧	O	O
币	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
币	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
面	O	O
包	O	O
旧	O	O
币	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
币	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
我	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
盒	O	O
奶	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
面	O	O
包	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
新	O	O
币	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
应	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O
交	O	O
款	O	O
时	O	O
我	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
说	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
额	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
款	O	O
员	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
您	O	O
若	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
币	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
交	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
旧	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
吧	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
我	O	O
问	O	O
她	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
能	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
钱	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
新	O	O
钱	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
与	O	O
旧	O	O
钱	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
颜	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
提	O	O
醒	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
收	O	O
款	O	O
员	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
搞	O	O
错	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
围	O	O
棋	O	O
天	O	O
元	O	O
战	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
八	O	O
强	O	O
陈	O	O
祖	O	O
德	O	O
聂	O	O
卫	O	O
平	O	O
入	O	O
围	O	O
在	O	O
搞	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
记	O	O
住	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
用	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
说	O	O
过	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
要	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
恰	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
性	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
把	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
踢	O	O
到	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
尔	O	O
夫	O	O
球	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
伤	O	O
残	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
能	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
彻	O	O
头	O	O
彻	O	O
尾	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
搞	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
先	O	O
对	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
还	O	O
穿	O	O
着	O	O
厚	O	O
厚	O	O
羽	O	O
绒	O	O
服	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
中	O	O
瑟	O	O
瑟	O	O
发	O	O
抖	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
已	O	O
换	O	O
上	O	O
短	O	O
衣	O	O
短	O	O
裤	O	O
，	O	O
暴	O	O
晒	O	O
在	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
毒	O	O
辣	O	O
辣	O	O
的	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
找	O	O
便	O	O
宜	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
店	O	O
住	O	O
宿	O	O
。	O	O
房	O	O
间	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
倒	O	O
是	O	O
清	O	O
静	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
就	O	O
太	O	O
难	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
半	O	O
夜	O	O
里	O	O
热	O	O
得	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
入	O	O
睡	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
是	O	O
汗	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
出	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
要	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
酷	O	O
热	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
泳	O	O
联	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
田	O	O
联	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
为	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
减	O	O
“	O	O
刑	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
案	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
。	O	O
澳	O	O
大	O	O
利	O	O
亚	O	O
泳	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
者	O	O
约	O	O
翰	O	O
・	O	O
戴	O	O
维	O	O
特	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
欺	O	O
骗	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
丹	B	B
麦	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
附	O	O
和	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
泳	O	O
联	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
耶	O	O
起	O	O
先	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
减	O	O
“	O	O
刑	O	O
”	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
泳	O	O
联	O	O
同	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
单	O	O
项	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
听	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
呼	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
打	O	O
消	O	O
了	O	O
减	O	O
“	O	O
刑	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
念	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
泳	O	O
联	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
禁	O	O
赛	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
徒	O	O
劳	O	O
而	O	O
昂	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
香	O	B
港	O	E
精	O	O
英	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
已	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
本	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
队	O	O
可	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
甲	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
天	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
、	O	O
跳	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
花	O	O
样	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
项	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
将	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
双	O	O
人	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
跳	O	O
台	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
孙	O	O
淑	O	O
伟	O	O
和	O	O
田	O	O
亮	O	O
将	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
。	O	O
八	O	O
一	O	O
队	O	O
本	O	O
轮	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
∶	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
济	O	O
南	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
王	O	O
非	O	O
称	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
却	O	O
只	O	O
想	O	O
着	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
，	O	O
轻	O	O
视	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
不	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
染	O	O
上	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
强	O	O
队	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
症	O	O
”	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
宝	O	O
元	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
本	O	O
轮	O	O
以	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
∶	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
联	O	O
航	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
叶	O	O
鹏	O	O
却	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
时	O	O
打	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
松	O	O
懈	O	O
，	O	O
丢	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
介	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
更	O	O
应	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
对	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
等	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
而	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
？	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
哪	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
？	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
走	O	O
势	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
？	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
新	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
特	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
笔	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
抒	O	O
己	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
刊	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
谈	O	O
摘	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
●	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
又	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
林	O	O
绿	O	O
化	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
和	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
林	O	O
的	O	O
采	O	O
伐	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
收	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
在	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
旱	O	O
灾	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
收	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
与	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
持	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
较	O	O
快	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
值	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
和	O	O
上	O	O
交	O	O
税	O	O
金	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
扣	O	O
除	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
是	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
要	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
平	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
从	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
、	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
已	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
杠	O	O
杆	O	O
对	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
作	O	O
自	O	O
发	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
就	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
再	O	O
顺	O	O
着	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
发	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
做	O	O
推	O	O
波	O	O
助	O	O
澜	O	O
之	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
量	O	O
虽	O	O
充	O	O
裕	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
仍	O	O
很	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
中	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
。	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
的	O	O
间	O	O
接	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
量	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
使	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
已	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
性	O	O
过	O	O
剩	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
向	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
附	O	O
加	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
得	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
定	O	O
购	O	O
粮	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
价	O	O
敞	O	O
开	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
议	O	O
价	O	O
粮	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
种	O	O
粮	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
和	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
蛋	O	O
、	O	O
奶	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
了	O	O
种	O	O
养	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
得	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
却	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
地	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
而	O	O
未	O	O
从	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
农	O	O
发	O	O
所	O	O
副	O	O
所	O	O
长	O	O
韩	O	O
俊	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
社	O	O
是	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
讨	O	O
价	O	O
还	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
社	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
至	O	O
今	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
未	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
误	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
与	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
地	O	O
等	O	O
同	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
构	O	O
造	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
区	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
范	O	O
畴	O	O
。	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
是	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
是	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
否	O	O
认	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
误	O	O
区	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
归	O	O
结	O	O
为	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
将	O	O
此	O	O
种	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
会	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
、	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
窒	O	O
息	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
误	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
卢	O	O
迈	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
交	O	O
办	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
八	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
应	O	O
尽	O	O
量	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
令	O	O
性	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
（	O	O
如	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
等	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
应	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
、	O	O
山	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
淄	B	B
博	M	M
市	E	E
刘	B	B
家	M	M
村	E	E
农	O	O
民	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
住	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
楼	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
所	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
变	O	O
革	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
。	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
车	O	O
轮	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
脑	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
被	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
本	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
所	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
相	O	O
脱	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
跟	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
致	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
，	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
脚	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
抱	O	O
住	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
不	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
、	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
本	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
条	O	O
式	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
扭	O	O
曲	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
视	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
削	O	O
足	O	O
适	O	O
履	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
往	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
框	O	O
框	O	O
里	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
姓	O	O
“	O	O
社	O	O
”	O	O
姓	O	O
“	O	O
资	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
姓	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
”	O	O
姓	O	O
“	O	O
私	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
左	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
压	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
迈	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
步	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
妨	O	O
碍	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
走	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
还	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
为	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
梦	O	O
魇	O	O
般	O	O
纠	O	O
缠	O	O
着	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
惯	O	O
性	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
在	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
根	O	O
深	O	O
蒂	O	O
固	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
轻	O	O
车	O	O
熟	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
积	O	O
存	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
因	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
而	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
阻	O	O
挠	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
所	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
浓	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
守	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
狭	O	O
隘	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
安	O	O
于	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
思	O	O
新	O	O
求	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
锐	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
汪	O	O
洋	O	O
大	O	O
海	O	O
”	O	O
会	O	O
给	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
阻	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
胸	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
抓	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
抓	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
榜	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
斗	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
选	O	O
好	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
在	O	O
选	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
掘	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
等	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
张	O	O
海	O	O
迪	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
徐	O	O
洪	O	O
刚	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
楷	O	O
模	O	O
孔	O	O
繁	O	O
森	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
戴	O	O
和	O	O
颂	O	O
扬	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
、	O	O
与	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
最	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
抓	O	O
了	O	O
济	O	O
南	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
交	O	O
警	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
到	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
焕	O	O
然	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
紧	O	O
扣	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
抓	O	O
了	O	O
潍	B	B
坊	M	M
市	E	E
实	O	O
行	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
诸	B	B
城	M	M
市	E	E
搞	O	O
好	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
等	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
讲	O	O
究	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
务	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
对	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
高	O	O
涨	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
急	O	O
于	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
可	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
树	O	O
得	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
太	O	O
滥	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
走	O	O
马	O	O
灯	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
冲	O	O
淡	O	O
和	O	O
淹	O	O
没	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
也	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
从	O	O
何	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
命	O	O
脉	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
只	O	O
讲	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
贪	O	O
大	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
在	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
摊	O	O
子	O	O
铺	O	O
得	O	O
太	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
拉	O	O
得	O	O
太	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
了	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
人	O	O
治	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
还	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
脱	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
淡	O	O
薄	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
权	O	O
大	O	O
于	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
滥	O	O
用	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
和	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
简	O	O
明	O	O
扼	O	O
要	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
浅	O	O
出	O	O
地	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
『	O	O
图	O	O
说	O	O
』	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
通	O	O
俗	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
能	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
六	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
以	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
六	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
《	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
》	O	O
为	O	O
蓝	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
、	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
、	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
表	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
为	O	O
章	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
紧	O	O
迫	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O
缪	O	O
合	O	O
林	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
能	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
是	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
日	O	O
趋	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
及	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
、	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
单	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
搜	O	O
寻	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
理	O	O
念	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
从	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
握	O	O
有	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
”	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
握	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
也	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
以	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
者	O	O
把	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
都	O	O
看	O	O
作	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
化	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
运	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
者	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
观	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
应	O	O
变	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
；	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
祝	O	O
华	O	O
新	O	O
线	O	O
索	O	O
２	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
孩	O	O
翩	O	O
翩	O	O
这	O	O
会	O	O
儿	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
婆	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
好	O	O
吃	O	O
的	O	O
薯	O	O
条	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
婆	O	O
偏	O	O
要	O	O
她	O	O
送	O	O
点	O	O
给	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
吃	O	O
。	O	O
翩	O	O
翩	O	O
不	O	O
答	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
蔼	O	O
可	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
婆	O	O
竟	O	O
然	O	O
伸	O	O
手	O	O
抢	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
根	O	O
薯	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
塞	O	O
进	O	O
嘴	O	O
里	O	O
吃	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
翩	O	O
翩	O	O
委	O	O
屈	O	O
地	O	O
哇	O	O
哇	O	O
大	O	O
哭	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
点	O	O
评	O	O
：	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
晚	O	O
辈	O	O
赶	O	O
着	O	O
去	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
先	O	O
动	O	O
筷	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
谁	O	O
先	O	O
吃	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
一	O	O
概	O	O
而	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
饭	O	O
桌	O	O
上	O	O
早	O	O
动	O	O
筷	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
晚	O	O
动	O	O
筷	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
相	O	O
差	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
秒	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
沉	O	O
甸	O	O
甸	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
句	O	O
老	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
岁	O	O
看	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
七	O	O
岁	O	O
看	O	O
老	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
稚	O	O
嫩	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
田	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
播	O	O
下	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
？	O	O
对	O	O
长	O	O
辈	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
保	O	O
姆	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
朴	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
尊	O	O
敬	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
区	O	O
区	O	O
几	O	O
秒	O	O
钟	O	O
的	O	O
谦	O	O
让	O	O
中	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
感	O	O
激	O	O
、	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
和	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
归	O	O
根	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
是	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
广	O	O
袤	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
谅	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
与	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
；	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
分	O	O
担	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
有	O	O
再	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
坎	O	O
坷	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
让	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
为	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
再	O	O
有	O	O
能	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
总	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
尽	O	O
善	O	O
尽	O	O
美	O	O
地	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
教	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
从	O	O
最	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
坎	O	O
坷	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
乐	O	O
趣	O	O
，	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
珍	O	O
重	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
、	O	O
感	O	O
激	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
生	O	O
肖	O	O
篆	O	O
刻	O	O
：	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
雅	O	O
俗	O	O
的	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
６	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
以	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
生	O	O
肖	O	O
纪	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
纪	O	O
寿	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
鼠	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
、	O	O
虎	O	O
、	O	O
兔	O	O
、	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
蛇	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
、	O	O
羊	O	O
、	O	O
猴	O	O
、	O	O
鸡	O	O
、	O	O
狗	O	O
、	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
了	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
六	O	O
畜	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
这	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
种	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
（	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
龙	O	O
是	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
）	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
地	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
纪	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
辰	O	O
作	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
祖	O	O
先	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
情	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
则	O	O
谜	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
生	O	O
肖	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
韵	O	O
味	O	O
。	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
生	O	O
肖	O	O
当	O	O
属	O	O
俗	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
百	O	O
牛	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
罗	O	O
旭	O	O
辉	O	O
从	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
乐	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
游	O	O
乐	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
踊	O	O
跃	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
石	B	O
景	M	O
山	M	O
游	M	O
乐	M	O
园	E	O
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
锦	B	B
江	M	M
乐	M	M
园	E	E
、	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
的	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
乐	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
“	O	O
塔	O	O
尖	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
塔	O	O
座	O	O
”	O	O
两	O	O
端	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
却	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
尽	O	O
如	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
、	O	O
洗	O	O
衣	O	O
机	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
游	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
简	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
猴	O	O
拉	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
游	O	O
艺	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
台	O	O
售	O	O
价	O	O
仅	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
竟	O	O
然	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
台	O	O
订	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
游	O	O
乐	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
悉	O	O
心	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
输	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
俗	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
游	O	O
乐	O	O
业	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
让	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
嬉	O	O
戏	O	O
游	O	O
乐	O	O
中	O	O
体	O	O
验	O	O
本	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
特	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
美	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
对	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
同	O	O
感	O	O
、	O	O
亲	O	O
近	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
星	O	O
河	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
读	O	O
《	O	O
追	O	O
寻	O	O
永	O	O
恒	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
》	O	O
这	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
会	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
给	O	O
你	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
你	O	O
对	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
铁	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
被	O	O
叫	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
？	O	O
焦	O	O
裕	O	O
禄	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
被	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
？	O	O
邓	O	O
稼	O	O
先	O	O
的	O	O
临	O	O
终	O	O
遗	O	O
言	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
将	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
朱	O	O
伯	O	O
儒	O	O
、	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
登	O	O
山	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
潘	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
返	O	O
大	B	O
寨	E	O
的	O	O
郭	O	O
凤	O	O
莲	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
大	O	O
回	O	O
转	O	O
的	O	O
侯	O	O
隽	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
加	O	O
耕	O	O
、	O	O
尉	O	O
凤	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
藩	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
？	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
鲜	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
知	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
你	O	O
走	O	O
得	O	O
离	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
更	O	O
近	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
写	O	O
得	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
活	O	O
得	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
作	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
谈	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
传	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
平	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
写	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
站	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
写	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
沟	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
和	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
传	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
被	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
细	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
、	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
辨	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
造	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
编	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
雕	O	O
琢	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
走	O	O
俏	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
秘	O	O
诀	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
走	O	O
入	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
藏	O	O
书	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
大	O	O
百	O	O
科	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
（	O	O
简	O	O
明	O	O
版	O	O
）	O	O
》	O	O
评	O	O
析	O	O
《	O	O
简	O	O
明	O	O
版	O	O
》	O	O
按	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
科	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
例	O	O
编	O	O
纂	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
条	O	O
目	O	O
按	O	O
条	O	O
头	O	O
（	O	O
条	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
题	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
拼	O	O
音	O	O
顺	O	O
序	O	O
编	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
汉	O	O
字	O	O
笔	O	O
画	O	O
和	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
拼	O	O
音	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
检	O	O
索	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
较	O	O
之	O	O
按	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
分	O	O
卷	O	O
、	O	O
卷	O	O
内	O	O
再	O	O
按	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
拼	O	O
音	O	O
顺	O	O
序	O	O
编	O	O
排	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
性	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
大	O	O
百	O	O
科	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
简	O	O
明	O	O
版	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
性	O	O
百	O	O
科	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
条	O	O
目	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
撰	O	O
写	O	O
每	O	O
隔	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
简	O	O
明	O	O
版	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
字	O	O
版	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
体	O	O
字	O	O
版	O	O
也	O	O
已	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
推	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
识	O	O
施	O	O
怀	O	O
谷	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
刚	O	O
从	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
美	O	O
院	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
当	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
学	O	O
版	O	O
画	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
已	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
少	O	O
量	O	O
画	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
秋	O	O
，	O	O
久	O	O
违	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
来	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
逢	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
惊	O	O
喜	O	O
万	O	O
分	O	O
：	O	O
陈	O	O
列	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
画	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
幅	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
框	O	O
的	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
油	O	O
彩	O	O
所	O	O
主	O	O
宰	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
转	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
好	O	O
多	O	O
幅	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
画	O	O
集	O	O
里	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
逐	O	O
一	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
画	O	O
幅	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
水	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
桥	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
桥	O	O
是	O	O
石	O	O
拱	O	O
单	O	O
孔	O	O
古	O	O
桥	O	O
，	O	O
盈	O	O
盈	O	O
流	O	O
水	O	O
映	O	O
荡	O	O
着	O	O
成	O	O
排	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
倒	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
是	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
殷	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	M
村	O	M
镇	O	E
的	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
写	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
“	O	O
流	O	O
落	O	O
”	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
游	O	O
子	O	O
水	O	O
乡	O	O
情	O	O
结	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
流	O	O
露	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
中	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
南	O	O
中	B	O
国	M	O
海	E	O
畔	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
亚	O	O
湾	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
喜	O	O
讯	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
用	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
骄	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
璀	O	O
璨	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
珠	O	O
熠	O	O
熠	O	O
生	O	O
辉	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
论	O	O
证	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
，	O	O
大	B	B
亚	M	M
湾	E	E
两	O	O
台	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
先	O	O
请	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
界	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
期	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
兼	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
昝	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
只	O	O
铸	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
副	O	O
“	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
壳	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
突	O	O
发	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
脑	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
，	O	O
大	B	B
亚	M	M
湾	E	E
人	O	O
想	O	O
请	O	O
他	O	O
到	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
连	O	O
连	O	O
摇	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
怕	O	O
核	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
连	O	O
核	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
合	O	O
营	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
刘	O	O
锡	O	O
才	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
大	B	B
亚	M	M
湾	E	E
人	O	O
在	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
所	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
剂	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
于	O	O
坐	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
体	O	O
检	O	O
时	O	O
照	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
Ｘ	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
大	B	B
亚	M	M
湾	E	E
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
权	O	O
责	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
逐	O	O
级	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
每	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
发	O	O
给	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
发	O	O
给	O	O
各	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
锡	O	O
才	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
小	O	O
。	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
标	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
连	O	O
一	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
权	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
以	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
堆	O	O
内	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
裂	O	O
变	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
能	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
。	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
核	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
，	O	O
万	O	O
事	O	O
俱	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
岭	O	O
澳	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
大	O	O
亚	O	O
湾	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
翻	O	O
版	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
由	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
波	O	O
澜	O	O
壮	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
大	B	B
亚	M	M
湾	E	E
海	O	O
浪	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
浪	O	O
紧	O	O
追	O	O
前	O	O
浪	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
浪	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
浪	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
税	O	O
和	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
税	O	O
两	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
共	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
自	O	O
营	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
免	O	O
抵	O	O
退	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
可	O	O
比	O	O
口	O	O
径	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
税	O	O
”	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
还	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
退	O	O
税	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
志	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
秀	O	O
娟	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
舫	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
等	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
台	O	O
以	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
为	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
波	O	O
澜	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
异	O	O
彩	O	O
纷	O	O
呈	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
话	O	O
剧	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
台	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
前	O	O
线	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
精	O	O
湛	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
雅	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
永	O	O
恒	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
革	O	O
同	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
鸣	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
团	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
看	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
士	O	O
兵	O	O
到	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
将	O	O
领	O	O
都	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
启	O	O
迪	O	O
。	O	O
某	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
赵	O	O
太	O	O
忠	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
圣	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
华	B	O
东	E	O
五	O	O
省	O	O
一	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
看	O	O
完	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
后	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
也	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
昭	O	O
示	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
剧	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
兵	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
向	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
敬	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
涛	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
宿	O	O
堂	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
组	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
并	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
提	O	O
纲	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
拟	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
远	O	O
景	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
（	O	O
草	O	O
案	O	O
）	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
副	O	O
组	O	O
长	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
愉	O	O
快	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
对	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
中	O	O
我	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
愿	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
方	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
瓦	O	O
力	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
对	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
很	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
期	O	O
待	O	O
着	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
对	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
国	O	O
事	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
他	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
忙	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
广	O	B
西	O	E
西	O	B
江	O	E
贵	O	O
港	O	O
航	O	O
运	O	O
枢	O	O
纽	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
船	O	O
闸	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
通	O	O
航	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
满	O	O
载	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
货	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
船	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
船	O	O
闸	O	O
驶	O	O
往	O	O
南	B	B
宁	E	E
。	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
城	O	O
市	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
储	O	O
蓄	O	O
通	O	O
存	O	O
通	O	O
兑	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
该	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
网	O	O
点	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
储	O	O
蓄	O	O
新	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
上	O	O
机	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
合	O	O
作	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
从	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
化	O	O
向	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
化	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
行	O	O
下	O	O
设	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
家	O	O
支	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
网	O	O
点	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
赵	O	O
军	O	O
）	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
”	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
山	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
已	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
吃	O	O
水	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
山	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
把	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
畜	O	O
吃	O	O
水	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
来	O	O
抓	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
大	O	O
搞	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
办	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
使	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
“	O	O
吃	O	O
水	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
唐	B	B
山	M	M
市	E	E
是	O	O
重	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
耕	O	O
地	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
耕	O	O
地	O	O
仅	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
地	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
耕	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
鱼	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
熊	O	O
掌	O	O
”	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
兼	O	O
得	O	O
？	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
父	O	O
老	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
记	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
“	O	O
振	O	O
华	O	O
奖	O	O
”	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
我	O	O
成	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
上	O	O
调	O	O
他	O	O
到	O	O
豫	B	B
西	E	E
山	O	O
区	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
宜	B	B
阳	M	M
县	E	E
任	O	O
副	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
宜	B	B
阳	M	M
县	E	E
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
尚	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
线	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
我	O	O
成	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
肩	O	O
上	O	O
这	O	O
副	O	O
担	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
中	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
宜	B	O
阳	E	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
宜	B	B
阳	E	E
。	O	O
”	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
我	O	O
成	O	O
别	O	O
妻	O	O
离	O	O
子	O	O
只	O	O
身	O	O
在	O	O
宜	B	B
阳	E	E
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
默	O	O
默	O	O
地	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
顶	O	O
多	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
两	O	O
趟	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
趟	O	O
不	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
要	O	O
临	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
还	O	O
得	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
次	O	O
上	O	O
街	O	O
买	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
摔	O	O
倒	O	O
在	O	O
小	O	O
巷	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
也	O	O
爬	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
读	O	O
着	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
我	O	O
成	O	O
哭	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
我	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
患	O	O
脑	O	O
溢	O	O
血	O	O
瘫	O	O
痪	O	O
在	O	O
床	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
只	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
过	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
不	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
欠	O	O
老	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
欠	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
胸	O	O
怀	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
老	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
河	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
虞	B	B
城	M	M
县	E	E
三	B	B
庄	M	M
乡	E	E
刘	B	O
楼	M	O
村	E	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
却	O	O
像	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
出	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
进	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
虎	O	O
彪	O	O
彪	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
张	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
叫	O	O
张	O	O
河	O	O
燕	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
张	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
比	O	O
他	O	O
爹	O	O
活	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
有	O	O
钱	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
光	O	O
靠	O	O
种	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
种	O	O
点	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
吧	O	O
？	O	O
又	O	O
害	O	O
怕	O	O
砸	O	O
在	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
吃	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
亏	O	O
！	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
找	O	O
活	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
跟	O	O
邻	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
队	O	O
到	O	O
焦	B	O
作	E	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
盖	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
队	O	O
散	O	O
伙	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
蹲	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
吃	O	O
闲	O	O
饭	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
来	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
老	O	O
张	O	O
把	O	O
两	O	O
手	O	O
往	O	O
袖	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
抄	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
发	O	O
家	O	O
？	O	O
谁	O	O
都	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
去	O	O
哪	O	O
儿	O	O
找	O	O
门	O	O
路	O	O
？	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
干	O	O
着	O	O
急	O	O
没	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
哎	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
是	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
来	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
帮	O	O
俺	O	O
支	O	O
一	O	O
招	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
贴	O	O
近	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
追	O	O
踪	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
改	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
同	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
迫	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
、	O	O
论	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
该	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
共	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
赔	O	O
款	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
１	O	O
１	O	O
号	O	O
台	O	O
风	O	O
、	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
、	O	O
南	O	O
航	O	O
“	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
”	O	O
空	O	O
难	O	O
等	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
补	O	O
偿	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
金	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
占	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
当	M	M
代	M	M
商	M	M
城	E	E
主	O	O
动	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
改	O	O
委	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
室	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
“	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
征	O	O
文	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
评	O	O
审	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
位	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
获	O	O
银	O	O
笔	O	O
奖	O	O
、	O	O
铜	O	O
笔	O	O
奖	O	O
（	O	O
金	O	O
笔	O	O
奖	O	O
暂	O	O
缺	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
及	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
长	O	B
沙	O	M
市	O	E
纺	O	O
织	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
还	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
会	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
遍	O	O
及	O	O
长	B	B
沙	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
洗	O	O
衣	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
、	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
餐	O	O
饮	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
等	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
聘	O	O
用	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
平	O	O
邹	O	O
蓬	O	O
）	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
已	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
星	O	O
级	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
、	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
已	O	O
超	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
取	O	O
样	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
污	O	O
水	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
场	O	O
一	O	O
角	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
太	O	O
亭	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
奖	O	O
赏	O	O
：	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
记	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
东	O	O
路	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
署	O	O
南	B	B
京	M	M
路	E	E
是	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
购	O	O
物	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
东	O	O
路	O	O
警	O	O
署	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
严	O	O
打	O	O
保	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
受	O	O
理	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
起	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
抓	O	O
严	O	O
密	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
南	B	O
京	M	O
东	M	O
路	E	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
街	O	O
扒	O	O
窃	O	O
、	O	O
拎	O	O
包	O	O
、	O	O
偷	O	O
窃	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
是	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
警	O	O
署	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
过	O	O
硬	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
扒	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
扭	O	O
获	O	O
扒	O	O
窃	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
籍	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	B
京	M	M
路	E	M
天	O	M
桥	O	E
被	O	O
窃	O	O
皮	O	O
夹	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
案	O	O
后	O	O
仅	O	O
半	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
就	O	O
被	O	O
警	O	O
署	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
侦	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
翘	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
拇	O	O
指	O	O
连	O	O
声	O	O
夸	O	O
奖	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
警	O	O
察	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
东	O	O
路	O	O
警	O	O
署	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
垂	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
署	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
必	O	O
定	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
任	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
都	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
警	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
跟	O	O
班	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
身	O	O
作	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
警	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
奖	O	O
赏	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
辜	O	O
负	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
征	O	O
途	O	O
上	O	O
再	O	O
铸	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
增	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
还	O	O
就	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
摆	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
精	O	O
兵	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
正	O	O
规	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
常	O	O
备	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
“	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
、	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
后	O	O
备	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
精	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
常	O	O
备	O	O
军	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
备	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
志	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
秀	O	O
娟	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
小	O	O
分	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
、	O	O
海	O	O
岛	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
、	O	O
哨	O	O
所	O	O
和	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
送	O	O
还	O	O
一	O	O
顶	O	O
帽	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
孙	O	O
楚	O	O
寅	O	O
在	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
李	O	O
为	O	O
昌	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
宝	O	O
群	O	O
不	O	O
以	O	O
善	O	O
小	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
以	O	O
善	O	O
小	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
抓	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
张	O	O
旗	O	O
鼓	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
‘	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
使	O	O
者	O	O
’	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
、	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
台	B	B
湾	M	M
省	E	E
出	O	O
席	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
刘	O	O
亦	O	O
铭	O	O
等	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
人	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
还	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
唐	O	O
树	O	O
备	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
说	O	O
标	O	O
语	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
轰	O	O
轰	O	O
烈	O	O
烈	O	O
地	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
妨	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
标	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
从	O	O
我	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
语	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
。	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
兴	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
头	O	O
人	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
伙	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
青	O	O
工	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
团	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
兴	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
头	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
位	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
青	O	O
工	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
将	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
班	O	O
、	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
挂	O	O
职	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
跟	O	O
踪	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
兴	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
头	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
青	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
歌	O	O
颂	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
拥	O	O
军	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
集	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
刘	O	O
金	O	O
鱼	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
》	O	O
于	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
首	O	O
映	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
片	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
题	O	O
写	O	O
片	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
公	O	O
刘	O	O
金	O	O
鱼	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
朴	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
拥	O	O
军	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
她	O	O
『	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
拥	O	O
军	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
』	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
昊	O	O
玺	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
职	O	O
工	O	O
音	O	O
像	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
组	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
和	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
下	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
以	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
商	O	O
海	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
身	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
集	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
剧	O	O
『	O	O
商	O	O
海	O	O
风	O	O
流	O	O
』	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
开	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
海	O	O
沉	O	O
浮	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
与	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
尔	O	O
冬	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
台	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
较	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
较	O	O
常	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
偏	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
以	O	O
晴	O	O
到	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
干	O	O
燥	O	O
；	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
为	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
性	O	O
阴	O	O
雨	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
阴	O	O
雨	O	O
寡	O	O
照	O	O
给	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
杯	O	O
清	O	O
茶	O	O
满	O	O
座	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
老	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
记	O	O
协	O	O
名	O	O
誉	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
吴	O	O
冷	O	O
西	O	O
、	O	O
穆	O	O
青	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
郑	O	O
梦	O	O
熊	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
名	O	O
誉	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
雷	O	O
洁	O	O
琼	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
光	O	O
英	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
肖	O	O
荻	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
并	O	O
未	O	O
被	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
『	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
级	O	O
拢	O	O
着	O	O
哄	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
级	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
捂	O	O
着	O	O
护	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
级	O	O
对	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
捧	O	O
着	O	O
抬	O	O
着	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
是	O	O
来	O	O
写	O	O
表	O	O
扬	O	O
稿	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
是	O	O
眉	O	O
开	O	O
眼	O	O
笑	O	O
；	O	O
若	O	O
是	O	O
来	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
核	O	O
实	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
稿	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
冷	O	O
若	O	O
冰	O	O
霜	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
火	O	O
冒	O	O
三	O	O
丈	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
『	O	O
焦	O	O
点	O	O
访	O	O
谈	O	O
』	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
了	O	O
包	B	B
头	M	M
市	E	E
一	O	O
些	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
竟	O	O
让	O	O
申	O	O
诉	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
『	O	O
到	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
病	O	O
院	O	O
去	O	O
查	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
到	O	O
保	O	O
卫	O	O
科	O	O
去	O	O
谈	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
恶	O	O
言	O	O
恶	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
拒	O	O
人	O	O
于	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
正	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
此	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
公	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
就	O	O
抗	O	O
拒	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
来	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
不	O	O
也	O	O
太	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
了	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
科	O	O
尔	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
轮	O	O
值	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
国	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
将	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
奥	O	O
中	O	O
和	O	O
欧	O	O
中	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
淮	B	B
北	E	E
煤	O	O
层	O	O
气	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
后	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
和	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
煤	O	O
层	O	O
气	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
将	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
井	O	O
日	O	O
均	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
煤	O	O
层	O	O
气	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
约	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
曾	O	O
培	O	O
炎	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
外	O	O
办	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
吕	O	O
聪	O	O
敏	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
拥	O	O
政	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
拥	O	O
军	O	O
优	O	O
属	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
做	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
军	O	O
心	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
做	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
很	O	O
受	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
话	O	O
剧	O	O
从	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
以	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
、	O	O
贴	O	O
近	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
千	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
玉	O	O
琴	O	O
单	O	O
三	O	O
娅	O	O
曲	O	O
志	O	O
红	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
华	O	O
灯	O	O
初	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
朔	O	O
风	O	O
砭	O	O
骨	O	O
，	O	O
寒	O	O
意	O	O
袭	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
警	O	O
卫	O	O
局	O	O
简	O	O
朴	O	O
的	O	O
礼	O	O
堂	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
春	O	O
潮	O	O
涌	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
儒	O	O
将	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
元	O	O
帅	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
演	O	O
绎	O	O
给	O	O
在	O	O
座	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
邢	O	O
世	O	O
忠	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
半	O	O
开	O	O
玩	O	O
笑	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
站	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
向	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
已	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
迁	O	O
到	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
这	O	O
所	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
微	O	O
微	O	O
风	O	O
簇	O	O
浪	O	O
已	O	O
散	O	O
作	O	O
满	O	O
河	O	O
星	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
流	O	O
砥	O	O
柱	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
出	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
洋	O	O
溢	O	O
着	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
气	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
正	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
高	O	O
伫	O	O
潮	O	O
头	O	O
唱	O	O
大	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
、	O	O
永	O	O
葆	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
之	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
该	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
勋	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
殷	O	O
学	O	O
成	O	O
）	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
生	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
淮	B	B
安	M	M
市	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
、	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
为	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
纪	O	O
念	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
诞	O	O
辰	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
序	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
遗	O	O
物	O	O
陈	O	O
列	O	O
馆	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
淮	B	B
安	M	M
市	E	E
桃	B	O
花	M	O
垠	E	O
落	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
馆	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
旧	O	O
居	O	O
“	O	O
西	B	O
花	M	O
厅	E	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
貌	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
１	O	O
仿	O	O
制	O	O
而	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
馆	O	O
内	O	O
陈	O	O
列	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
和	O	O
邓	O	O
颖	O	O
超	O	O
生	O	O
前	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
入	O	O
冬	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
吕	O	O
飞	O	O
杰	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
团	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
赴	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
山	O	O
区	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
送	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
位	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
身	O	O
手	O	O
不	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
兵	O	O
分	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
风	O	O
尘	O	O
仆	O	O
仆	O	O
地	O	O
奔	O	O
走	O	O
于	O	O
田	O	O
间	O	O
地	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
把	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
作	O	O
为	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
省	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
之	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
”	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
与	O	O
务	B	O
川	E	O
、	O	O
松	B	O
桃	E	O
、	O	O
纳	B	O
雍	E	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
献	O	O
计	O	O
献	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
这	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
钥	O	O
匙	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
出	O	O
有	O	O
声	O	O
有	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
头	O	O
戏	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
不	O	O
凡	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
戏	O	O
连	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
兴	O	O
贵	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
月	O	O
如	O	O
梭	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
当	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
所	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
井	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
事	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
餐	O	O
烹	O	O
饪	O	O
、	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
机	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
秘	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
容	O	O
美	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
商	O	O
贸	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
（	O	O
含	O	O
导	O	O
游	O	O
）	O	O
等	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
都	O	O
办	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
声	O	O
有	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
风	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
严	O	O
谨	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
声	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
就	O	O
被	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
和	O	O
海	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
职	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
校	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
及	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
友	O	O
人	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
来	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
评	O	O
教	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
教	O	O
研	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
７	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
教	O	O
研	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
巨	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
肩	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
过	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
两	O	O
所	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
叹	O	O
！	O	O
闻	O	O
喜	O	O
县	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
送	O	O
书	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
送	O	O
书	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
奔	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
都	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
员	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O
旱	B	O
垣	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
凹	B	O
底	M	O
镇	E	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
员	O	O
张	O	O
海	O	O
泉	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
镇	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
果	O	O
园	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
果	O	O
农	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
苹	O	O
果	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
不	O	O
佳	O	O
。	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
副	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
任	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
和	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
柴	O	O
俊	O	O
民	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
与	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
有	O	O
关	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
回	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
富	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
栽	O	O
培	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
苹	O	O
果	O	O
修	O	O
剪	O	O
图	O	O
集	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
册	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
该	O	O
镇	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
送	O	O
书	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
室	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
“	O	O
百	O	O
村	O	O
书	O	O
库	O	O
”	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
捐	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
送	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
购	O	O
书	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
都	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
为	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
室	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
送	O	O
书	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
用	O	O
书	O	O
”	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
业	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
户	O	O
均	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
５	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
养	O	O
牛	O	O
２	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
养	O	O
羊	O	O
８	O	O
只	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
此	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
岸	O	O
涛	O	O
裴	O	O
双	O	O
喜	O	O
郝	O	O
建	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
位	O	O
居	O	O
新	B	B
疆	M	M
维	M	M
吾	M	M
尔	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
东	O	B
南	O	M
角	O	E
的	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
曾	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
大	O	O
内	O	O
陆	O	O
湖	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
水	O	O
域	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
水	O	O
域	O	O
两	O	O
度	O	O
盈	O	O
亏	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
干	O	O
涸	O	O
。	O	O
夏	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
曾	O	O
屡	O	O
经	O	O
沧	O	O
桑	O	O
变	O	O
故	O	O
：	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
“	O	O
广	O	O
袤	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
水	O	O
亭	O	O
居	O	O
，	O	O
冬	O	O
夏	O	O
不	O	O
增	O	O
减	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
湖	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
楼	B	B
兰	M	M
王	M	M
国	E	E
“	O	O
水	O	O
大	O	O
波	O	O
深	O	O
必	O	O
讯	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
防	O	O
御	O	O
洪	O	O
水	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
；	O	O
至	O	O
公	O	O
元	O	O
４	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
楼	B	O
兰	M	O
王	M	O
国	E	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
用	O	O
法	O	O
令	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
窘	O	O
迫	O	O
境	O	O
地	O	O
；	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
成	O	O
了	O	O
区	O	O
区	O	O
一	O	O
小	O	O
湖	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	M
湖	O	E
水	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
干	O	O
涸	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
衰	O	O
竭	O	O
枯	O	O
死	O	O
，	O	O
飞	O	O
禽	O	O
走	O	O
兽	O	O
或	O	O
死	O	O
或	O	O
逃	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
荒	O	O
凉	O	O
而	O	O
干	O	O
燥	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
受	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
乡	O	O
土	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
注	O	O
意	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
闯	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
和	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
承	B	O
德	M	O
市	E	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
了	O	O
地	O	O
膜	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
旱	O	O
育	O	O
稀	O	O
植	O	O
、	O	O
暖	O	O
棚	O	O
养	O	O
畜	O	O
禽	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
节	O	O
水	O	O
滴	O	O
灌	O	O
等	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
项	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
贾	O	O
西	O	O
平	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
脆	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
切	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
急	O	O
功	O	O
近	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
竭	O	O
泽	O	O
而	O	O
渔	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
近	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
和	O	O
爱	O	O
德	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
佳	O	O
利	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
娜	O	O
梅	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
“	O	O
蒲	O	O
公	O	O
英	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
部	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
蒲	O	O
公	O	O
英	O	O
奖	O	O
评	O	O
奖	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
桂	B	B
林	M	M
市	E	E
上	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
献	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
、	O	O
导	O	O
游	O	O
并	O	O
走	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
外	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
漓	B	B
江	E	E
沿	O	O
岸	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
瑞	O	O
华	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
佳	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
幕	O	O
后	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
说	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
命	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
从	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
了	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
学	O	O
忽	O	O
略	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
缺	O	O
憾	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
杨	O	O
正	O	O
光	O	O
）	O	O
裕	O	O
兴	O	O
与	O	O
瀛	O	O
海	O	O
威	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
首	O	O
例	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
廉	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
为	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
专	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
栏	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
抵	O	O
御	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
不	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
侵	O	O
袭	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
愉	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
中	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
峤	O	O
聿	O	O
）	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
军	O	O
医	O	O
齐	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
胸	O	O
前	O	O
戴	O	O
着	O	O
闪	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
功	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O
战	O	O
友	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
向	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
进	O	O
军	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
则	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
之	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
齐	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
在	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
心	O	O
脑	O	O
血	O	O
管	O	O
病	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
已	O	O
颇	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
军	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
齐	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
，	O	O
荣	O	O
立	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
军	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
心	O	O
脑	O	O
血	O	O
管	O	O
病	O	O
血	O	O
流	O	O
变	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
后	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
二	O	O
院	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
保	O	O
军	O	O
转	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
核	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
秦	B	B
山	E	E
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
二	O	O
院	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
废	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
“	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
、	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
、	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
着	O	O
秦	B	O
山	E	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
二	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	B
东	O	E
岭	O	O
澳	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
连	O	O
云	O	O
港	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
秦	B	B
山	E	E
核	O	O
电	O	O
二	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
座	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
厂	O	O
中	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
商	O	O
用	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
二	O	O
院	O	O
还	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
了	O	O
核	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
堆	O	O
元	O	O
件	O	O
后	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
试	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
高	O	O
温	O	O
气	O	O
冷	O	O
堆	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
温	O	O
供	O	O
热	O	O
堆	O	O
、	O	O
快	O	O
中	O	O
子	O	O
堆	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
堆	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
核	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
堆	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
科	O	O
技	O	O
独	O	O
具	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
把	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
赴	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
、	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
写	O	O
出	O	O
有	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
医	O	O
科	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
王	O	O
奎	O	O
庆	O	O
医	O	O
师	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
到	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
义	O	O
诊	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
奎	O	O
庆	O	O
在	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
高	O	O
血	O	O
压	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
病	O	O
等	O	O
病	O	O
症	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
义	O	O
诊	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
来	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
为	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
、	O	O
处	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
次	O	O
日	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
煎	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
药	O	O
汤	O	O
装	O	O
在	O	O
瓶	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
吴	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
）	O	O
切	O	O
戒	O	O
傲	O	O
慢	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
傲	O	O
慢	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
作	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
举	O	O
出	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
常	O	O
任	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
弃	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
对	O	O
伊	O	O
动	O	O
武	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
呼	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
偏	O	O
袒	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
；	O	O
东	B	B
盟	E	E
要	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
指	O	O
手	O	O
画	O	O
脚	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
哪	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
哪	O	O
国	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
地	O	O
雷	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
和	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
温	O	O
室	O	O
气	O	O
体	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
等	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
寡	O	O
不	O	O
敌	O	O
众	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
连	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
《	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
邮	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
也	O	O
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
刊	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
叹	O	O
“	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
盟	O	O
国	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
讨	O	O
厌	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
傲	O	O
慢	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
塔	O	O
拉	O	O
瓦	O	O
奈	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
决	O	O
定	O	O
派	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
观	O	O
摩	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
土	O	O
以	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
还	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
、	O	O
叙	B	B
利	M	M
亚	E	E
和	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
等	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
拖	O	O
延	O	O
西	O	O
岸	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
扬	O	O
言	O	O
要	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
温	O	O
和	O	O
派	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
的	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
右	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
中	O	O
占	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
施	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
内	B	O
塔	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	M	O
胡	E	O
已	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
约	B	B
旦	M	M
河	E	E
西	O	O
岸	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
从	O	O
原	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
调	O	O
到	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
已	O	O
向	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
表	O	O
示	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
温	O	O
和	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
莫	O	O
迪	O	O
凯	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
席	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
只	O	O
占	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
莫	O	O
迪	O	O
凯	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
垮	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
会	O	O
派	O	O
”	O	O
即	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
派	O	O
别	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
会	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
上	O	O
仍	O	O
是	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
基	O	O
于	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
内	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
使	O	O
原	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
内	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
六	O	O
年	O	O
沉	O	O
默	O	O
一	O	O
鸣	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
索	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
印	O	O
政	O	O
坛	O	O
现	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
索	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
富	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
在	O	O
英	O	B
国	O	E
剑	O	O
桥	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
时	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
拉	O	O
吉	O	O
夫	O	O
・	O	O
甘	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
结	O	O
为	O	O
连	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
拉	O	O
・	O	O
甘	O	O
地	O	O
遇	O	O
刺	O	O
身	O	O
亡	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
敦	O	O
请	O	O
索	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
党	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
她	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
婉	O	O
拒	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
驻	O	O
波	B	O
黑	E	O
美	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
于	O	O
圣	O	O
诞	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
波	B	B
黑	E	E
，	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
美	O	O
军	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
则	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
则	O	O
三	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
《	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
称	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
没	O	O
开	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
向	O	O
波	B	B
黑	E	E
派	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
争	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
向	O	O
波	B	B
黑	E	E
派	O	O
出	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
限	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
也	O	O
只	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
半	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
干	O	O
脆	O	O
不	O	O
设	O	O
时	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
军	O	O
在	O	O
波	B	B
黑	E	E
也	O	O
将	O	O
像	O	O
在	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
海	O	B
湾	O	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
滞	O	O
留	O	O
不	O	O
归	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
波	B	B
黑	E	E
这	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
心	O	O
脏	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
火	O	O
药	O	O
桶	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
水	O	O
灾	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
从	O	O
住	O	O
所	O	O
收	O	O
拾	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
到	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
约	B	B
翰	M	M
内	M	M
斯	M	M
堡	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
温	O	O
宪	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
新	O	O
烽	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
西	B	B
开	M	M
普	M	M
省	E	E
司	O	O
法	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
前	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
博	O	O
塔	O	O
将	O	O
因	O	O
３	O	O
次	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
真	O	O
相	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
唤	O	O
而	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
起	O	O
诉	O	O
。	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
被	O	O
判	O	O
有	O	O
罪	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
坐	O	O
牢	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
或	O	O
交	O	O
纳	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
兰	O	O
特	O	O
（	O	O
约	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
兰	O	O
特	O	O
合	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
罚	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
两	O	O
项	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
并	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
摩	O	O
托	O	O
送	O	O
餐	O	O
风	O	O
行	O	O
开	B	O
罗	E	O
普	O	O
罗	O	O
迪	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
易	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
哈	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
护	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
哈	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
纳	O	O
扎	O	O
尔	O	O
巴	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
护	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
应	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
营	O	O
私	O	O
舞	O	O
弊	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
乱	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
经	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
州	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
后	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
德	B	B
黑	M	M
兰	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
荣	O	O
松	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
德	B	B
黑	M	M
兰	E	E
电	O	O
台	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
哈	O	O
塔	O	O
米	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
依	O	O
然	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
采	O	O
取	O	O
敌	O	O
对	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
目	O	O
前	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
同	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
恢	O	O
复	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
巴	B	B
西	E	E
、	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
和	O	O
阿	B	B
根	M	M
廷	E	E
３	O	O
国	O	O
所	O	O
获	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
巴	B	B
西	E	E
是	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
共	O	O
获	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
难	O	O
匹	O	O
夫	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
前	O	O
所	O	O
未	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
八	O	O
百	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
等	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
向	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
短	O	O
期	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
间	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
而	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
』	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
以	O	O
高	O	O
出	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
金	O	O
价	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
十	O	O
的	O	O
韩	O	O
币	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
取	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
谁	O	O
都	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
韩	O	O
币	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
抛	O	O
售	O	O
韩	O	O
币	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
当	O	O
是	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
智	O	O
之	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
众	O	O
却	O	O
反	O	O
其	O	O
道	O	O
而	O	O
行	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
藏	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
以	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
计	O	O
较	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
得	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
分	O	O
忧	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
着	O	O
实	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
敬	O	O
佩	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
不	O	O
严	O	O
违	O	O
章	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
逾	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
创	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
信	O	O
誉	O	O
落	O	O
千	O	O
丈	O	O
井	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
买	O	O
卖	O	O
国	O	O
债	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
送	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
纽	O	O
约	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
书	O	O
转	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
隐	O	O
藏	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
保	O	O
管	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
纽	O	O
约	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
所	O	O
持	O	O
有	O	O
价	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
将	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
书	O	O
送	O	O
交	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
井	O	O
口	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
隐	O	O
藏	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
之	O	O
以	O	O
他	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
伪	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
交	O	O
本	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
井	O	O
口	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
违	O	O
章	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
井	O	O
口	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
坦	O	O
白	O	O
才	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
败	O	O
露	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
疏	O	O
于	O	O
对	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
起	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
快	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
对	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
督	O	O
促	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
亮	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
助	O	O
推	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
点	O	O
燃	O	O
，	O	O
喷	O	O
射	O	O
着	O	O
熊	O	O
熊	O	O
火	O	O
焰	O	O
直	O	O
冲	O	O
夜	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
号	O	O
飞	O	O
船	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
升	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
它	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
中	O	O
子	O	O
分	O	O
光	O	O
仪	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
伽	O	O
马	O	O
射	O	O
线	O	O
分	O	O
光	O	O
仪	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
法	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
分	O	O
光	O	O
仪	O	O
、	O	O
磁	O	O
力	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
反	O	O
光	O	O
镜	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
仪	O	O
。	O	O
伽	O	O
马	O	O
射	O	O
线	O	O
分	O	O
光	O	O
仪	O	O
测	O	O
量	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
地	O	O
壳	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
源	O	O
和	O	O
演	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
上	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
法	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
分	O	O
光	O	O
仪	O	O
用	O	O
来	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
月	O	O
震	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
有	O	O
氮	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
碳	O	O
和	O	O
二	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
碳	O	O
气	O	O
体	O	O
析	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
磁	O	O
力	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
反	O	O
光	O	O
镜	O	O
则	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
磁	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
家	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
春	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
疲	O	O
软	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
预	O	O
料	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
来	O	O
得	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
快	O	O
之	O	O
猛	O	O
则	O	O
出	O	O
乎	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
料	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
“	O	O
豆	O	O
油	O	O
印	O	O
制	O	O
法	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
启	O	O
用	O	O
原	O	O
先	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
油	O	O
墨	O	O
印	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
分	O	O
担	O	O
因	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
关	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
―	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
的	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
府	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
泰	O	O
京	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
府	O	O
官	O	O
办	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
兑	O	O
换	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毛	O	O
磊	O	O
）	O	O
英	O	B
国	O	E
曼	O	O
彻	O	O
斯	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
古	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
木	O	O
乃	O	O
伊	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
血	O	O
吸	O	O
虫	O	O
病	O	O
数	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
变	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
信	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
有	O	O
望	O	O
为	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
血	O	O
吸	O	O
虫	O	O
病	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
新	O	O
线	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
行	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
从	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
向	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
载	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
是	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
都	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
孙	O	O
晋	O	O
芳	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
。	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
在	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
估	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
双	O	O
人	O	O
跳	O	O
台	O	O
是	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
、	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
７	O	O
对	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
孙	O	O
淑	O	O
伟	O	O
和	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
跳	O	O
台	O	O
高	O	O
手	O	O
田	O	O
亮	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
搭	O	O
档	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
夺	O	O
魁	O	O
呼	O	O
声	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
云	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
圣	O	O
雪	O	O
绒	O	O
杯	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
围	O	O
棋	O	O
王	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
棋	O	O
院	O	O
揭	O	O
开	O	O
战	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
俞	O	O
斌	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
林	O	O
峰	O	O
三	O	O
段	O	O
在	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
两	O	O
盘	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
刘	O	O
世	O	O
振	O	O
四	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
段	O	O
嵘	O	O
六	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
亚	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
冬	O	O
运	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
肖	O	O
天	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
了	O	O
备	O	O
战	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
下	O	O
月	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
‘	O	O
零	O	O
’	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
是	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
肖	O	O
天	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
过	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
获	O	O
４	O	O
银	O	O
２	O	O
铜	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
“	O	O
零	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
界	O	O
几	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
、	O	O
梦	O	O
寐	O	O
以	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
夙	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
是	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
靠	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
靠	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
要	O	O
靠	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
盛	O	O
和	O	O
衰	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
介	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
又	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
联	O	O
手	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
；	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
巨	O	O
人	O	O
杯	O	O
北	B	O
京	M	O
市	E	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
届	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
五	O	O
人	O	O
制	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
光	M	M
彩	M	M
体	M	M
育	M	M
馆	M	E
手	M	O
球	M	O
馆	E	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
序	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
将	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
半	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
随	O	O
感	O	O
、	O	O
杂	O	O
谈	O	O
、	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
综	O	O
述	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
写	O	O
成	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
线	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
赐	O	O
稿	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
文	O	O
苑	O	O
版	O	O
刊	O	O
发	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
佳	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
试	O	O
身	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
园	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
爱	O	O
无	O	O
涯	O	O
思	O	O
也	O	O
无	O	O
涯	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
诞	O	O
辰	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
播	O	O
映	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
》	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
。	O	O
管	O	O
易	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
颖	O	O
超	O	O
在	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
从	O	O
事	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
觉	O	O
悟	O	O
社	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
健	O	O
在	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
组	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
百	O	O
岁	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
卧	O	O
病	O	O
在	O	O
床	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
连	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
和	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
一	O	O
亮	O	O
；	O	O
当	O	O
邓	O	O
在	O	O
军	O	O
将	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
已	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
然	O	O
连	O	O
着	O	O
喊	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
声	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
音	O	O
容	O	O
宛	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
别	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
呵	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
天	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
对	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
刻	O	O
骨	O	O
铭	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
眷	O	O
恋	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
感	O	O
召	O	O
，	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
国	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
特	O	O
意	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
了	O	O
享	O	O
誉	O	O
舞	O	O
坛	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
门	O	O
文	O	O
元	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
王	O	O
小	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
艾	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
孔	O	O
岩	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
凯	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
舞	O	O
美	O	O
师	O	O
、	O	O
灯	O	O
光	O	O
师	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
在	O	O
乌	B	B
鲁	M	M
木	M	M
齐	E	E
上	O	O
演	O	O
后	O	O
大	O	O
获	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
始	O	O
至	O	O
终	O	O
洋	O	O
溢	O	O
着	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
闪	O	O
烁	O	O
着	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
绚	O	O
丽	O	O
多	O	O
姿	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
不	O	O
乏	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
段	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
多	O	O
端	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
力	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
舞	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
灯	O	O
光	O	O
均	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
赞	O	O
誉	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
克	B	B
拉	M	M
玛	M	M
依	E	E
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
也	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
喜	O	O
出	O	O
望	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
和	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
也	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
期	O	O
盼	O	O
《	O	O
大	B	B
漠	E	E
女	O	O
儿	O	O
》	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
长	O	O
久	O	O
流	O	O
传	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
）	O	O
南	O	O
宫	O	O
品	O	O
以	O	O
暗	O	O
为	O	O
明	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
被	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
打	O	O
入	O	O
另	O	O
册	O	O
的	O	O
伪	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
与	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
以	O	O
真	O	O
迹	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
而	O	O
堂	O	O
皇	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
作	O	O
伪	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
者	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
驱	O	O
动	O	O
等	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
为	O	O
赝	O	O
品	O	O
题	O	O
签	O	O
；	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
是	O	O
作	O	O
伪	O	O
者	O	O
以	O	O
真	O	O
迹	O	O
求	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
以	O	O
伪	O	O
作	O	O
更	O	O
换	O	O
原	O	O
作	O	O
画	O	O
芯	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
钱	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
了	O	O
得	O	O
买	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
怕	O	O
赝	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
钱	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
买	O	O
家	O	O
吃	O	O
了	O	O
亏	O	O
，	O	O
退	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
竞	O	O
买	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
买	O	O
家	O	O
前	O	O
赴	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
有	O	O
高	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
高	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
更	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
与	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
品	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
。	O	O
周	O	O
小	O	O
燕	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
周	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
高	O	O
龄	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
她	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
授	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
八	O	O
时	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
至	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
时	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
休	O	O
息	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
就	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
于	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
、	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
、	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
、	O	O
卢	B	B
森	M	M
堡	E	E
、	O	O
瑞	B	B
士	E	E
、	O	O
柏	B	B
林	E	E
、	O	O
布	B	O
拉	M	O
格	E	O
、	O	O
华	B	B
沙	E	E
的	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
演	O	O
唱	O	O
齐	O	O
尔	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
题	O	O
材	O	O
歌	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
仙	O	O
女	O	O
与	O	O
农	O	O
夫	O	O
》	O	O
而	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
之	O	O
莺	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
庆	O	O
贺	O	O
她	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
寿	O	O
辰	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
声	O	O
乐	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
共	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
场	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
周	O	O
小	O	O
燕	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
超	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
，	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
使	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
界	O	O
再	O	O
三	O	O
催	O	O
促	O	O
她	O	O
把	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
带	O	O
到	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
。	O	O
周	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
风	O	O
趣	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
仓	O	O
促	O	O
来	O	O
京	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
听	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
新	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
有	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
场	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
差	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
吓	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
徐	O	O
鹏	O	O
飞	O	O
）	O	O
临	O	O
到	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
《	O	O
水	O	O
浒	O	O
传	O	O
》	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
啊	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
声	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
演	O	O
义	O	O
》	O	O
大	O	O
获	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
波	O	O
及	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
该	O	O
剧	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
弱	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
不	O	O
乏	O	O
微	O	O
词	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
分	O	O
领	O	O
五	O	O
支	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
为	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
角	O	O
色	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
上	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
雷	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
时	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
靠	O	O
打	O	O
字	O	O
幕	O	O
区	O	O
分	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
武	O	O
戏	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
捉	O	O
襟	O	O
见	O	O
肘	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
近	O	O
景	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
马	O	O
战	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
类	O	O
格	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
说	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
假	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
水	O	O
浒	O	O
传	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
点	O	O
列	O	O
上	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
没	O	O
成	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
待	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
踏	O	O
进	O	O
戴	O	O
敦	O	O
邦	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
室	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
来	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
乎	O	O
预	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
戴	O	O
敦	O	O
邦	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
与	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
乐	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
余	O	O
安	O	O
坐	O	O
于	O	O
屏	O	O
幕	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
师	O	O
益	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
曾	O	O
想	O	O
过	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
做	O	O
些	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
水	O	O
浒	O	O
传	O	O
》	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
找	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
的	O	O
吾	O	O
凭	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
画	O	O
水	O	O
浒	O	O
画	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
、	O	O
凭	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
异	O	O
域	O	O
诱	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
允	O	O
诺	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
拍	O	O
武	O	O
戏	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
长	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
若	O	O
想	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
剧	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
拍	O	O
出	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
界	O	O
也	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
匮	O	O
乏	O	O
。	O	O
想	O	O
来	O	O
想	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
常	O	O
规	O	O
：	O	O
咱	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
还	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
嘛	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
片	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
侠	O	O
片	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
好	B	O
莱	M	O
坞	E	O
流	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
尺	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
涎	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
由	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
张	O	O
纪	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
马	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
经	O	O
周	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
执	O	O
导	O	O
过	O	O
《	O	O
醉	O	O
拳	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
太	O	O
极	O	O
张	O	O
三	O	O
丰	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
港	O	O
台	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
颇	O	O
有	O	O
盛	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
袁	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
祥	O	O
仁	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
。	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
好	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
等	O	O
《	O	O
水	O	O
浒	O	O
传	O	O
》	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
吧	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
见	O	O
有	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
读	O	O
后	O	O
却	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
振	O	O
。	O	O
报	O	O
载	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
健	O	O
中	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
福	B	B
建	E	E
为	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
执	O	O
导	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
三	O	O
坊	O	O
七	O	O
巷	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
坊	O	O
七	O	O
巷	O	O
”	O	O
犹	O	O
如	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
大	B	O
栅	M	O
栏	E	O
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
外	B	O
滩	E	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
城	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
角	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
福	O	O
王	O	O
开	O	O
疆	O	O
千	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
积	O	O
淀	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
过	O	O
林	O	O
则	O	O
徐	O	O
、	O	O
严	O	O
复	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
觉	O	O
民	O	O
等	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
先	O	O
驱	O	O
和	O	O
冰	O	O
心	O	O
等	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
摇	O	O
篮	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
为	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
透	O	O
过	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
思	O	O
潮	O	O
东	O	O
渐	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
于	O	O
坊	O	O
巷	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
悲	O	O
欢	O	O
离	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
达	O	O
出	O	O
八	O	O
闽	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
开	O	O
机	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
健	O	O
中	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
和	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
镜	O	O
头	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
本	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
有	O	O
迟	O	O
到	O	O
、	O	O
早	O	O
退	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
人	O	O
打	O	O
牌	O	O
、	O	O
酗	O	O
酒	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
厅	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
到	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
果	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
天	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
严	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
在	O	O
乡	O	O
下	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
拍	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
在	O	O
存	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
药	O	O
材	O	O
的	O	O
仓	O	O
库	O	O
拍	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
里	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
抽	O	O
烟	O	O
，	O	O
弄	O	O
得	O	O
围	O	O
观	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
探	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
就	O	O
赶	O	O
忙	O	O
掐	O	O
灭	O	O
了	O	O
烟	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
健	O	O
中	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
台	O	O
词	O	O
要	O	O
烂	O	O
熟	O	O
于	O	O
胸	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
记	O	O
住	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
说	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
连	O	O
台	O	O
词	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
记	O	O
住	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
能	O	O
演	O	O
好	O	O
戏	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
戏	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
到	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
演	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
并	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
时	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
和	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
灯	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
具	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
事	O	O
先	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
位	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
健	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
在	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
回	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
叹	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
远	O	O
湖	O	O
》	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
新	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
（	O	O
西	O	O
文	O	O
）	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
你	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
你	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
眼	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
影	O	O
碟	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
影	O	O
碟	O	O
机	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
门	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
影	O	O
碟	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
影	O	O
碟	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
影	O	O
碟	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
正	O	O
版	O	O
影	O	O
碟	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
华	O	O
韵	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
即	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
目	O	O
地	O	O
而	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
红	O	O
石	O	O
学	O	O
海	O	O
拍	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
度	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
《	O	O
白	O	O
骆	O	O
驼	O	O
》	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
日	O	O
仅	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
拍	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
。	O	O
石	O	O
学	O	O
海	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
画	O	O
等	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
前	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
细	O	O
，	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
胸	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
竹	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
中	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
要	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
纯	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
象	O	O
牙	O	O
塔	O	O
，	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
能	O	O
多	O	O
快	O	O
好	O	O
省	O	O
地	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
妨	O	O
试	O	O
试	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
拍	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
学	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
了	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
只	O	O
管	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
范	O	O
畴	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
台	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
亮	O	O
相	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
不	O	O
萧	O	O
条	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
广	O	O
州	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
男	O	O
儿	O	O
有	O	O
泪	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
倾	O	O
注	O	O
着	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
者	O	O
数	O	O
年	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
大	O	O
厦	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
突	O	O
发	O	O
性	O	O
沉	O	O
降	O	O
和	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
为	O	O
切	O	O
入	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
透	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
者	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
权	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
情	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
斗	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
荣	O	O
辱	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
与	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
是	O	O
何	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
展	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
话	O	O
剧	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
出	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
当	O	O
代	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
万	O	O
溪	O	O
）	O	O
雷	O	O
达	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
写	O	O
爱	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
写	O	O
科	O	O
幻	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
借	O	O
以	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
和	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
与	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
叙	O	O
述	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
也	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
与	O	O
否	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
与	O	O
否	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
衡	O	O
量	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
潜	O	O
伏	O	O
身	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
让	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
曾	O	O
令	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
震	O	O
荡	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
过	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
年	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
肖	O	O
克	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
同	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
尊	O	O
严	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
叙	O	O
述	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
中	O	O
思	O	O
索	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
；	O	O
祁	O	O
智	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
亮	O	O
相	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
为	O	O
讨	O	O
好	O	O
新	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
勾	O	O
心	O	O
斗	O	O
角	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
地	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
弊	O	O
端	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
扭	O	O
曲	O	O
；	O	O
邓	O	O
一	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
稼	O	O
穑	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
酿	O	O
造	O	O
和	O	O
渲	O	O
染	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
与	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
错	O	O
位	O	O
所	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
悲	O	O
剧	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
相	O	O
武	O	O
白	O	O
烨	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
较	O	O
之	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
和	O	O
诗	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
蕴	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
贴	O	O
近	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
近	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
体	O	O
也	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
使	O	O
它	O	O
在	O	O
写	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
和	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
着	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
各	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
演	O	O
进	O	O
愈	O	O
来	O	O
愈	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
限	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
歌	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
着	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
、	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
以	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
对	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
源	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
寻	O	O
踪	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
风	O	O
骨	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
掘	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
，	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
于	O	O
意	O	O
象	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
峻	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
邃	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
态	O	O
纷	O	O
呈	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
对	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
在	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
体	O	O
验	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
庄	O	O
或	O	O
谐	O	O
地	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
与	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
在	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
的	O	O
终	O	O
极	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
流	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
诗	O	O
篇	O	O
以	O	O
爱	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
灵	O	O
魂	O	O
归	O	O
依	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
去	O	O
开	O	O
掘	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
谛	O	O
和	O	O
辨	O	O
识	O	O
情	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
伪	O	O
。	O	O
诗	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
美	O	O
学	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
范	O	O
式	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
与	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
韵	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
本	O	O
求	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
非	O	O
范	O	O
式	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
坚	O	O
守	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
诗	O	O
歌	O	O
审	O	O
美	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
疆	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
大	O	O
潮	O	O
澎	O	O
湃	O	O
与	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
细	O	O
雨	O	O
共	O	O
享	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
更	O	O
深	O	O
开	O	O
掘	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
由	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
轨	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
抒	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
要	O	O
珍	O	O
惜	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
期	O	O
刊	O	O
头	O	O
条	O	O
月	O	O
报	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
年	O	O
近	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
君	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
某	O	O
酱	O	O
油	O	O
分	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
夫	O	O
妻	O	O
父	O	O
子	O	O
间	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
淡	O	O
漠	O	O
；	O	O
他	O	O
为	O	O
邻	O	O
里	O	O
仗	O	O
义	O	O
执	O	O
言	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
忧	O	O
解	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
用	O	O
金	O	O
钱	O	O
离	O	O
间	O	O
疏	O	O
远	O	O
；	O	O
他	O	O
尽	O	O
忠	O	O
职	O	O
守	O	O
却	O	O
遭	O	O
人	O	O
暗	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
排	O	O
挤	O	O
降	O	O
格	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
善	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
乏	O	O
正	O	O
义	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
、	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
升	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
拮	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
更	O	O
迭	O	O
与	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
他	O	O
身	O	O
心	O	O
疲	O	O
惫	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
堪	O	O
重	O	O
负	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
地	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
出	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
与	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
龙	B	O
岩	M	O
坡	E	O
》	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
何	O	O
立	O	O
伟	O	O
《	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
》	O	O
用	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
您	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
评	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
对	O	O
四	O	O
部	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
估	O	O
价	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
？	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
白	O	O
门	O	O
柳	O	O
》	O	O
齐	O	O
名	O	O
且	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
白	O	O
门	O	O
柳	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
茅	O	O
盾	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
奖	O	O
评	O	O
奖	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
评	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
界	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
话	O	O
要	O	O
说	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
几	O	O
种	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
五	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
用	O	O
低	O	O
级	O	O
趣	O	O
味	O	O
迎	O	O
合	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
。	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
学	O	O
十	O	O
大	O	O
景	O	O
点	O	O
袁	O	O
鹰	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
走	O	O
完	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
旅	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
昏	O	O
时	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
池	O	O
塘	O	O
沐	O	O
浴	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
璀	O	O
璨	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
的	O	O
余	O	O
晖	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
尝	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
送	O	O
别	O	O
了	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
憾	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
岁	O	O
暮	O	O
瓜	O	O
田	O	O
吴	O	O
金	O	O
印	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
看	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
。	O	O
河	O	B
南	O	M
省	O	E
卫	O	O
辉	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
兼	O	O
唐	O	O
庄	O	O
乡	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
吴	O	O
金	O	O
印	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
饭	O	O
前	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
末	O	O
才	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
下	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
饭	O	O
前	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
撤	O	O
离	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
周	O	O
末	O	O
故	O	O
意	O	O
躲	O	O
开	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
吃	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
粮	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
给	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
或	O	O
祸	O	O
患	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
走	O	O
到	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
给	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
下	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
还	O	O
用	O	O
提	O	O
醒	O	O
他	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
天	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
躬	O	O
逢	O	O
其	O	O
盛	O	O
。	O	O
辩	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
题	O	O
目	O	O
是	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
应	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
抗	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
上	O	O
层	O	O
从	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
哈	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
克	O	O
斯	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
颇	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
亲	O	O
日	O	O
派	O	O
。	O	O
照	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
辩	O	O
论	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
从	O	O
外	O	O
边	O	O
请	O	O
名	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
助	O	O
辩	O	O
。	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
应	O	O
援	O	O
华	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
《	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
家	O	O
》	O	O
主	O	O
编	O	O
金	O	O
斯	O	O
立	O	O
・	O	O
马	O	O
丁	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
方	O	O
请	O	O
的	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
已	O	O
卸	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
驻	O	O
日	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
富	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
携	O	O
老	O	O
带	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
移	O	O
居	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
同	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
同	O	O
学	O	O
也	O	O
到	O	O
威	B	B
尔	M	M
士	E	E
西	O	O
岸	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B	O
茅	M	O
茨	E	O
去	O	O
“	O	O
避	O	O
暑	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
出	O	O
海	O	O
的	O	O
渔	O	O
船	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
退	O	O
了	O	O
潮	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
滨	O	O
拾	O	O
着	O	O
海	O	O
螺	O	O
。	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
法	O	O
学	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
缩	O	O
写	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
文	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
ｌ	O	O
ａ	O	O
ｎ	O	O
ｄ	O	O
ｌ	O	O
ａ	O	O
ｄ	O	O
ｙ	O	O
ｓ	O	O
ｄ	O	O
ａ	O	O
ｕ	O	O
ｇ	O	O
ｈ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
（	O	O
房	O	O
东	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
留	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
者	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
住	O	O
上	O	O
宿	O	O
舍	O	O
（	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
王	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
就	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
都	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
肯	O	O
接	O	O
纳	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
周	O	O
房	O	O
价	O	O
三	O	O
镑	O	O
至	O	O
五	O	O
镑	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
管	O	O
一	O	O
顿	O	O
早	O	O
餐	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
房	O	O
东	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
位	O	O
闺	O	O
女	O	O
。	O	O
周	O	O
末	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
是	O	O
常	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
艾	O	O
琳	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
人	O	O
活	O	O
泼	O	O
喜	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
见	O	O
人	O	O
总	O	O
笑	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
属	O	O
上	O	O
乘	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
许	O	O
滚	O	O
够	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
站	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
拍	O	O
拍	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
沙	O	O
土	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
跟	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
庚	O	O
款	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
紧	O	O
跟	O	O
着	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
珍	B	O
珠	M	O
港	E	O
事	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
邮	O	O
路	O	O
断	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
档	O	O
子	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
顽	O	O
固	O	O
到	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
或	O	O
国	O	O
籍	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
结	O	O
婚	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
有	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
倘	O	O
若	O	O
果	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
投	O	O
意	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
是	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
缺	O	O
个	O	O
异	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
伴	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
女	O	O
方	O	O
则	O	O
指	O	O
望	O	O
借	O	O
着	O	O
婚	O	O
姻	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
处	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
没	O	O
法	O	O
儿	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
；	O	O
事	O	O
过	O	O
境	O	O
迁	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
非	O	O
吹	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
啊	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
晃	O	O
儿	O	O
又	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
啦	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
老	O	O
兄	O	O
可	O	O
真	O	O
发	O	O
福	O	O
啦	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
鸟	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
翔	O	O
鸟	O	O
儿	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
方	O	O
带	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
小	O	O
河	O	O
，	O	O
爬	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
山	O	O
梁	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
迎	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
里	O	O
顷	O	O
刻	O	O
间	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
腾	O	O
虎	O	O
跃	O	O
。	O	O
墙	O	O
角	O	O
的	O	O
幼	O	O
草	O	O
执	O	O
著	O	O
地	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
令	O	O
其	O	O
茁	O	O
壮	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
斑	O	O
驳	O	O
的	O	O
木	O	O
框	O	O
、	O	O
锈	O	O
蚀	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
钉	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
地	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
起	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
架	O	O
。	O	O
尘	O	O
烟	O	O
弥	O	O
漫	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
奔	O	O
突	O	O
跳	O	O
跃	O	O
着	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
荆	O	O
条	O	O
窝	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
篮	O	O
筐	O	O
，	O	O
忠	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
承	O	O
接	O	O
住	O	O
屡	O	O
屡	O	O
投	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
旋	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
喝	O	O
彩	O	O
不	O	O
亚	O	O
于	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
韩	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
天	O	O
不	O	O
亮	O	O
就	O	O
动	O	O
身	O	O
往	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
里	O	O
外	O	O
赶	O	O
。	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
雨	O	O
夹	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
蜿	O	O
蜒	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
路	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
泥	O	O
泞	O	O
难	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
韩	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
方	O	O
觉	O	O
出	O	O
曾	O	O
帮	O	O
他	O	O
行	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
多	O	O
余	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
韩	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
两	O	O
腿	O	O
泥	O	O
、	O	O
满	O	O
头	O	O
汗	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
雪	O	O
地	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
教	O	O
室	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
两	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
上	O	O
课	O	O
仅	O	O
差	O	O
三	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
的	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
给	O	O
韩	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
教	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
未	O	O
生	O	O
炉	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
窗	O	O
四	O	O
下	O	O
挤	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
刀	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
割	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
耳	O	O
朵	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
穿	O	O
着	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
用	O	O
棉	O	O
大	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
用	O	O
棉	O	O
鞋	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
穿	O	O
了	O	O
棉	O	O
裤	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
他	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
没	O	O
穿	O	O
过	O	O
棉	O	O
裤	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
节	O	O
课	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
已	O	O
冻	O	O
得	O	O
手	O	O
脚	O	O
生	O	O
疼	O	O
，	O	O
寒	O	O
气	O	O
无	O	O
孔	O	O
不	O	O
入	O	O
地	O	O
直	O	O
逼	O	O
他	O	O
全	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
居	O	O
然	O	O
打	O	O
起	O	O
哆	O	O
嗦	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
与	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
间	O	O
为	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
；	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
间	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
法	O	O
争	O	O
得	O	O
面	O	O
红	O	O
耳	O	O
赤	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
执	O	O
一	O	O
词	O	O
；	O	O
师	O	O
生	O	O
间	O	O
解	O	O
难	O	O
答	O	O
疑	O	O
已	O	O
蔚	O	O
然	O	O
成	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
之	O	O
湖	O	O
（	O	O
油	O	O
画	O	O
）	O	O
邱	O	O
金	O	O
华	O	O
擂	O	O
起	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
腰	O	O
鼓	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
浓	O	O
郁	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
红	O	O
高	O	O
粱	O	O
摇	O	O
曳	O	O
的	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
闪	O	O
动	O	O
黄	O	O
土	O	O
的	O	O
皮	O	O
肤	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
等	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
新	O	O
庆	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
折	O	O
不	O	O
扣	O	O
地	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
走	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
要	O	O
重	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
图	O	O
虚	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
花	O	O
架	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
地	O	O
制	O	O
宜	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
刮	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
哄	O	O
而	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
时	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
了	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
陈	O	O
俊	O	O
生	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
产	O	O
与	O	O
歉	O	O
收	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
与	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
，	O	O
归	O	O
根	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
取	O	O
决	O	O
于	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
涨	O	O
与	O	O
低	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
取	O	O
决	O	O
于	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
联	O	O
产	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
统	O	O
分	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
层	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
按	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
价	O	O
敞	O	O
开	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
余	O	O
粮	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
折	O	O
不	O	O
扣	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
好	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
管	O	O
好	O	O
用	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
支	O	O
农	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
储	O	O
藏	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
鲜	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
销	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
、	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
活	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
集	O	O
贸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
搞	O	O
活	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
购	O	O
销	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
稳	O	O
妥	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
性	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
要	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
其	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
要	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
好	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
与	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
摆	O	O
到	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
抓	O	O
实	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
；	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
要	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
；	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
派	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
下	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
；	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
尽	O	O
力	O	O
而	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
量	O	O
力	O	O
而	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
说	O	O
实	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
戒	O	O
虚	O	O
报	O	O
浮	O	O
夸	O	O
、	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
强	O	O
迫	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
。	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
第	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
次	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
界	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
盛	O	O
赞	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
剧	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
徐	O	O
晓	O	O
钟	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
深	O	O
沉	O	O
地	O	O
思	O	O
索	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
用	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
新	O	O
事	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
能	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
、	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
剧	O	O
中	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
潘	O	O
西	O	O
平	O	O
（	O	O
右	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
与	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
戏	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
逾	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
防	O	O
总	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
部	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
以	O	O
赴	O	O
抗	O	O
旱	O	O
保	O	O
春	O	O
播	O	O
保	O	O
夏	O	O
粮	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
：	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
水	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
调	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
调	O	O
配	O	O
水	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
沿	O	O
黄	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
要	O	O
顾	O	O
全	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
游	O	O
兼	O	O
顾	O	O
。	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
调	O	O
配	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
出	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
锦	O	O
胜	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
性	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
性	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
摆	O	O
到	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
来	O	O
抓	O	O
。	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
说	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
四	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
、	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
接	O	O
轨	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
核	O	O
算	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
、	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
从	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
佩	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
维	O	O
平	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
水	O	O
利	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
由	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
自	O	O
民	O	O
党	O	O
长	O	B
江	O	E
水	O	O
利	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
庆	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
带	O	O
兵	O	O
爱	O	O
兵	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
中	O	O
组	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
全	O	O
景	O	O
等	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
团	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
并	O	O
讲	O	O
了	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
台	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
到	O	O
阴	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
偏	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
偏	O	O
低	O	O
；	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
大	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
大	O	O
部	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
、	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
将	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
阴	O	O
雨	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
；	O	O
青	B	B
藏	M	M
高	M	M
原	E	E
东	O	O
部	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雪	O	O
。	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
两	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
强	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
入	O	O
侵	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
风	O	O
降	O	O
温	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
倒	O	O
计	O	O
时	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
称	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
争	O	O
分	O	O
夺	O	O
秒	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
倒	O	O
计	O	O
时	O	O
钟	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
春	O	O
兰	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
独	O	O
家	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
各	O	O
地	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
；	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
烈	O	O
属	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
写	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
为	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
家	O	O
刘	O	O
万	O	O
道	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
新	B	B
平	M	M
镇	M	E
太	M	B
平	M	M
村	E	E
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
写	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
沈	O	O
国	O	O
放	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
就	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
“	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
收	O	O
容	O	O
港	O	O
”	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
陈	O	O
方	O	O
安	O	O
生	O	O
将	O	O
率	O	O
团	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
美	O	O
加	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
何	O	O
自	O	O
力	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
庆	O	O
贺	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
后	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
将	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
二	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
火	O	O
树	O	O
银	O	O
花	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
建	O	O
香	B	B
江	E	E
”	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
大	O	O
烟	O	O
花	O	O
汇	O	O
演	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
对	O	O
哈	O	O
桑	O	O
国	O	O
王	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
摩	B	B
洛	M	M
哥	E	E
首	O	O
相	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
菲	O	O
拉	O	O
利	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
助	O	O
理	O	O
吉	O	O
佩	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
摩	B	B
洛	M	M
哥	E	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
穆	O	O
文	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
还	O	O
就	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
菲	O	O
拉	O	O
利	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
摩	B	B
洛	M	M
哥	E	E
今	O	O
后	O	O
愿	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
最	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
周	O	O
寒	O	O
琼	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
拉	B	B
巴	M	M
特	E	E
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
摩	B	B
洛	M	M
哥	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
３	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
马	B	B
耳	M	M
他	E	E
、	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
和	O	O
圣	B	B
马	M	M
力	M	M
诺	E	E
。	O	O
《	O	O
金	O	O
字	O	O
塔	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
塔	O	O
鲁	O	O
克	O	O
・	O	O
谢	O	O
赫	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
安	O	O
详	O	O
面	O	O
孔	O	O
逝	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
中	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
前	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
尼	O	O
克	O	O
松	O	O
面	O	O
带	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	M
长	B	M
城	E	E
之	O	O
巅	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
把	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
归	O	O
功	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
助	O	O
理	O	O
基	O	O
辛	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
中	O	O
起	O	O
着	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
是	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
执	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
和	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
结	O	O
盟	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
牢	O	O
固	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
反	O	O
华	O	O
包	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
并	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
席	O	O
位	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
还	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
了	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
革	O	O
命	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
所	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
漫	O	O
步	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
街	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
户	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
上	O	O
或	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
插	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
“	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
字	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
醒	O	O
目	O	O
小	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
字	O	O
母	O	O
是	O	O
某	O	O
某	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
防	O	O
卫	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
文	O	O
缩	O	O
写	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
这	O	O
户	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
装	O	O
有	O	O
防	O	O
盗	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
并	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
新	O	O
烽	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
日	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
直	O	O
线	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
价	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
贬	O	O
幅	O	O
达	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
也	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
惶	O	O
惶	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
不	O	O
稳	O	O
也	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
了	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
的	O	O
跌	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
比	O	O
索	O	O
、	O	O
泰	O	O
铢	O	O
、	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
林	O	O
吉	O	O
特	O	O
等	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
都	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
新	O	O
低	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
化	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
某	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
骨	O	O
牌	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
朗	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
投	O	O
资	O	O
持	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
望	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
耶	B	B
路	M	M
撒	M	M
冷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
戚	O	O
德	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
支	O	O
林	O	O
飞	O	O
）	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
分	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
从	O	O
约	B	B
旦	M	M
河	E	E
西	O	O
岸	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
利	O	O
库	O	O
德	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
占	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
使	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
迟	O	O
迟	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
出	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
已	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
自	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
重	O	O
返	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
斡	O	O
旋	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
未	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
媒	O	O
介	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
迫	O	O
于	O	O
右	O	O
翼	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
约	B	B
旦	M	M
河	E	E
西	O	O
岸	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
从	O	O
原	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
已	O	O
向	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
军	O	O
队	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
黎	B	B
巴	M	M
嫩	E	E
南	O	O
部	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
“	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
黎	B	B
巴	M	M
嫩	E	E
游	O	O
击	O	O
队	O	O
同	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
军	O	O
在	O	O
黎	O	O
南	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
与	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
和	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
轮	O	O
值	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
还	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
要	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
未	O	O
来	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
“	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
颓	O	O
势	O	O
不	O	O
减	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
汽	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
阿	B	B
联	M	M
酋	E	E
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
欧	O	O
佩	O	O
克	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
恪	O	O
守	O	O
配	O	O
额	O	O
奥	O	O
贝	O	O
德	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
佩	O	O
克	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
日	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
从	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
上	O	O
调	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
欧	O	O
佩	O	O
克	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
据	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
约	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
对	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
。	O	O
冰	O	O
暴	O	O
横	O	O
扫	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
所	O	O
到	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
险	O	O
象	O	O
生	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
说	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
冰	O	O
暴	O	O
和	O	O
冰	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
蒙	B	B
特	M	M
利	M	M
尔	M	M
市	E	E
南	O	O
部	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
已	O	O
从	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
容	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
无	O	O
电	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
兰	M	M
堡	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
南	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
一	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
巴	B	B
基	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
前	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
贝	O	O
・	O	O
布	O	O
托	O	O
和	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
阿	O	O
西	O	O
夫	O	O
・	O	O
扎	O	O
尔	O	O
达	O	O
里	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
亲	O	O
信	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
还	O	O
责	O	O
成	O	O
英	O	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
扣	O	O
押	O	O
贝	O	O
・	O	O
布	O	O
托	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
所	O	O
有	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
账	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
单	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
防	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
被	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
和	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
巴	B	B
基	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
清	O	O
查	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
赛	O	O
福	O	O
・	O	O
拉	O	O
赫	O	O
曼	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	M	M
城	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
庄	O	O
霞	O	O
琴	O	O
）	O	O
受	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
各	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
下	O	O
挫	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
斯	B	B
德	M	M
哥	M	M
尔	M	M
摩	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	O	O
福	O	O
瑞	O	O
）	O	O
哥	B	B
本	M	M
哈	M	M
根	E	E
消	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
被	O	O
盗	O	O
的	O	O
丹	B	O
麦	E	O
美	O	O
人	O	O
鱼	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
头	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
已	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
丹	B	B
麦	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
系	O	O
“	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
带	O	O
”	O	O
再	O	O
拉	O	O
“	O	O
扎	O	O
根	O	O
绳	O	O
”	O	O
拯	O	O
救	O	O
比	B	O
萨	M	O
斜	M	O
塔	E	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
招	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
将	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
要	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
样	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
双	O	O
人	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
预	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
李	O	O
敏	O	O
和	O	O
龙	O	O
艳	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
敏	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
单	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
预	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
七	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
跳	O	O
水	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
金	O	O
一	O	O
银	O	O
的	O	O
佳	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
是	O	O
忧	O	O
大	O	O
于	O	O
喜	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
指	O	O
望	O	O
靠	O	O
自	O	O
选	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
奇	O	O
制	O	O
胜	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
跳	O	O
水	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
在	O	O
郭	O	O
晶	O	O
晶	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
郭	O	O
晶	O	O
晶	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
仅	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
夺	O	O
冠	O	O
的	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
帕	O	O
卡	O	O
琳	O	O
娜	O	O
相	O	O
差	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
趋	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
赶	O	O
超	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
反	O	O
败	O	O
为	O	O
胜	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
已	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
细	O	O
微	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
前	O	O
功	O	O
尽	O	O
弃	O	O
。	O	O
郭	O	O
晶	O	O
晶	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
摘	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
银	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
比	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
帕	O	O
卡	O	O
琳	O	O
娜	O	O
差	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
杜	O	O
葵	O	O
（	O	O
柯	O	O
达	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
区	O	O
公	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
柯	O	O
达	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
问	O	O
世	O	O
并	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
柯	O	O
达	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
远	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
柯	O	O
达	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
最	O	O
有	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
洲	O	O
际	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
有	O	O
目	O	O
共	O	O
睹	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
冷	O	O
门	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
体	O	O
操	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
女	O	O
足	O	O
超	O	O
级	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
赛	O	O
程	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
转	O	O
播	O	O
、	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
李	O	O
宁	O	O
牌	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
各	O	O
８	O	O
支	O	O
劲	O	O
旅	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
服	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
独	O	O
占	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
崔	O	O
建	O	O
时	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
岁	O	O
末	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
足	O	O
球	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
中	O	O
场	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
颇	O	O
受	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
挂	O	O
牌	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
十	B	O
三	M	O
陵	E	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
中	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
前	O	O
期	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
成	O	O
套	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
洋	O	O
货	O	O
一	O	O
统	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
海	O	O
燕	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
加	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
石	O	O
牌	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
型	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
全	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
成	O	O
套	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
家	O	O
贝	O	O
多	O	O
芬	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
弦	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
世	O	O
之	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
曲	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
曲	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
摆	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
鸿	O	O
篇	O	O
巨	O	O
著	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
黄	O	O
楠	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
庄	O	O
福	O	O
龄	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
利	O	O
主	O	O
编	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
史	O	O
》	O	O
八	O	O
卷	O	O
本	O	O
（	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
齐	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
出	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
版	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
曲	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
以	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
史	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
地	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
半	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
长	O	O
河	O	O
，	O	O
评	O	O
说	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
与	O	O
曲	O	O
折	O	O
、	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
与	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
作	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
曲	O	O
直	O	O
、	O	O
功	O	O
过	O	O
得	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
遗	O	O
留	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
半	O	O
点	O	O
虚	O	O
假	O	O
夸	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
容	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
半	O	O
点	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
崇	O	O
拜	O	O
。	O	O
斯	O	O
大	O	O
林	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
缺	O	O
陷	O	O
，	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
和	O	O
晚	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
卷	O	O
本	O	O
都	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
比	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
论	O	O
著	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
半	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
体	O	O
区	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
至	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
使	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
从	O	O
空	O	O
想	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
剩	O	O
余	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
学	O	O
说	O	O
和	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
史	O	O
观	O	O
是	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
创	O	O
始	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
打	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
把	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
至	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
与	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
让	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
与	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
抛	O	O
弃	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
僵	O	O
化	O	O
过	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
时	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
寻	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
攸	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
走	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
树	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
别	O	O
开	O	O
生	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
与	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
首	O	O
倡	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
构	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
、	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
、	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
大	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
瑶	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
）	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
政	O	O
企	O	O
分	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
自	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
体	O	O
和	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
是	O	O
削	O	O
弱	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
过	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
管	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
管	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
妨	O	O
碍	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
５	O	O
）	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
觉	O	O
悟	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
虚	O	O
无	O	O
、	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
颓	O	O
废	O	O
等	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
滋	O	O
生	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
是	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
离	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
论	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
上	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
是	O	O
姓	O	O
公	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
姓	O	O
私	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
把	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
是	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
专	O	O
有	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
筹	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
又	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
间	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
等	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
盘	O	O
活	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
优	O	O
胜	O	O
劣	O	O
汰	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
预	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
扮	O	O
演	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
稳	O	O
妥	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
已	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
所	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
和	O	O
条	O	O
款	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
、	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
《	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
约	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
也	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
《	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
为	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
克	O	O
迪	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
、	O	O
所	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
、	O	O
尚	O	O
待	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
详	O	O
尽	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
是	O	O
显	O	O
而	O	O
易	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
力	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
均	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
将	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
等	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
给	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
从	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
定	O	O
量	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
绩	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
望	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
走	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
业	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
率	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
率	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
。	O	O
更	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
了	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
顺	O	O
《	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
新	O	O
编	O	O
》	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
还	O	O
把	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
观	O	O
、	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
观	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
对	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
也	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
成	O	O
著	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
学	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
由	O	O
江	O	O
西	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
与	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
常	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
或	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
以	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
，	O	O
独	O	O
树	O	O
一	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
”	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
人	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
线	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
微	O	O
观	O	O
阐	O	O
明	O	O
；	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
图	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
事	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
亲	O	O
历	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
读	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
现	O	O
代	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
与	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
等	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
社	O	O
会	O	O
史	O	O
及	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
变	O	O
迁	O	O
”	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
汪	O	O
守	O	O
德	O	O
正	O	O
宗	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
众	O	O
与	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
何	O	O
在	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
只	O	O
长	O	O
三	O	O
五	O	O
支	O	O
花	O	O
箭	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
则	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
长	O	O
出	O	O
多	O	O
达	O	O
十	O	O
余	O	O
支	O	O
花	O	O
箭	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
支	O	O
花	O	O
箭	O	O
又	O	O
可	O	O
长	O	O
出	O	O
五	O	O
至	O	O
七	O	O
朵	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
朵	O	O
五	O	O
角	O	O
形	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
发	O	O
着	O	O
浓	O	O
香	O	O
的	O	O
杏	O	O
黄	O	O
色	O	O
花	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
雅	O	O
高	O	O
洁	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
国	O	O
色	O	O
天	O	O
香	O	O
，	O	O
惹	O	O
人	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
爱	O	O
怜	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
奇	O	O
绝	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
花	O	O
工	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
神	O	O
入	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
雕	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
能	O	O
雕	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
女	O	O
散	O	O
花	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
龙	O	O
凤	O	O
呈	O	O
祥	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
孔	O	O
雀	O	O
开	O	O
屏	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
千	O	O
姿	O	O
百	O	O
态	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
富	O	O
于	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
满	O	O
腹	O	O
锦	O	O
绣	O	O
和	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
迷	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
姿	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
最	O	O
感	O	O
惊	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
工	O	O
居	O	O
然	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
让	O	O
它	O	O
在	O	O
多	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
你	O	O
称	O	O
心	O	O
如	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
假	O	O
如	O	O
我	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
回	O	O
京	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
带	O	O
回	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
雕	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
在	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
之	O	O
夜	O	O
幽	O	O
然	O	O
吐	O	O
蕊	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
深	O	O
信	O	O
不	O	O
疑	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
也	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
品	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
美	O	O
化	O	O
着	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
向	O	O
东	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
忘	O	O
个	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
而	O	O
抵	O	O
抗	O	O
地	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
因	O	O
其	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
而	O	O
温	O	O
热	O	O
而	O	O
流	O	O
淌	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
是	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
沐	O	O
浴	O	O
全	O	O
身	O	O
是	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
棵	O	O
树	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
乡	O	O
音	O	O
难	O	O
改	O	O
热	O	O
土	O	O
里	O	O
扎	O	O
下	O	O
深	O	O
根	O	O
长	O	O
到	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
乳	O	O
名	O	O
是	O	O
唤	O	O
你	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
陌	O	O
生	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
差	O	O
不	O	O
离	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
来	O	O
此	O	O
散	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
何	O	O
大	O	O
爷	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
此	O	O
情	O	O
此	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
欣	O	O
欣	O	O
然	O	O
捋	O	O
了	O	O
捋	O	O
齐	O	O
胸	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
须	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
片	O	O
灵	O	O
巧	O	O
的	O	O
薄	O	O
唇	O	O
油	O	O
然	O	O
翕	O	O
张	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
珠	B	B
江	E	E
掀	O	O
高	O	O
浪	O	O
，	O	O
鸿	O	O
福	O	O
不	O	O
临	O	O
喜	O	O
将	O	O
降	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
珠	O	O
江	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
？	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
名	O	O
和	O	O
相	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
荧	O	O
屏	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
看	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
遍	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
面	O	O
熟	O	O
呢	O	O
！	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
与	O	O
你	O	O
相	O	O
逢	O	O
相	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
我	O	O
老	O	O
朽	O	O
之	O	O
快	O	O
事	O	O
乐	O	O
事	O	O
也	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
没	O	O
等	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
完	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
大	O	O
爷	O	O
像	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
背	O	O
数	O	O
学	O	O
公	O	O
式	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
句	O	O
句	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
谁	O	O
都	O	O
晓	O	O
得	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
珠	O	O
江	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
名	O	O
声	O	O
日	O	O
隆	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
真	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
啊	O	O
！	O	O
是	O	O
啦	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
刚	O	O
蒙	O	O
蒙	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
从	O	O
芳	B	O
村	E	O
（	O	O
珠	O	O
江	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
）	O	O
大	O	O
老	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
必	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
来	O	O
观	O	O
珠	B	O
江	E	O
潮	O	O
的	O	O
吧	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
晨	O	O
曦	O	O
初	O	O
露	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
早	O	O
。	O	O
受	O	O
仰	O	O
慕	O	O
之	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
驱	O	O
使	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
七	O	O
寻	O	O
八	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
叩	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
何	O	O
老	O	O
伯	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
孙	O	O
子	O	O
阿	O	O
霖	O	O
。	O	O
已	O	O
入	O	O
而	O	O
立	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
阿	O	O
霖	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
视	O	O
镜	O	O
片	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
颗	O	O
黑	O	O
眸	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
活	O	O
像	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
着	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
与	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
寡	O	O
言	O	O
少	O	O
语	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
弄	O	O
清	O	O
来	O	O
客	O	O
是	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
常	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
霖	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
投	O	O
去	O	O
钦	O	O
佩	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
恭	O	O
敬	O	O
守	O	O
静	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
把	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
笔	O	O
记	O	O
本	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
捧	O	O
给	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
翻	O	O
开	O	O
扉	O	O
页	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
用	O	O
遒	O	O
劲	O	O
楷	O	O
书	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
赜	O	O
索	O	O
隐	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
映	O	O
入	O	O
眼	O	O
帘	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
马	O	O
攥	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
在	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
必	O	O
操	O	O
胜	O	O
券	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
远	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
起	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
刃	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
砍	O	O
掉	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
与	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
‘	O	O
枝	O	O
枝	O	O
蔓	O	O
蔓	O	O
’	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
读	O	O
着	O	O
读	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
铮	O	O
铮	O	O
汉	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
刻	O	O
眼	O	O
眶	O	O
里	O	O
滚	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
晶	O	O
莹	O	O
的	O	O
泪	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
老	O	O
伯	O	O
还	O	O
活	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
在	O	O
锲	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
舍	O	O
地	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
胜	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
在	O	O
注	O	O
视	O	O
着	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
！	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
勤	O	O
于	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
敏	O	O
于	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
打	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
岁	O	O
跨	O	O
进	O	O
珠	O	O
江	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
槛	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
晃	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
到	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
曾	O	O
镌	O	O
刻	O	O
过	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
级	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
足	O	O
迹	O	O
；	O	O
但	O	O
挑	O	O
起	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
年	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
雪	O	O
花	O	O
飞	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
刺	O	O
骨	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
南	O	B
疆	O	E
的	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
则	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
灿	O	O
烂	O	O
暖	O	O
流	O	O
融	O	O
融	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
差	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
回	O	O
到	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
相	O	O
差	O	O
太	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
剥	O	O
笋	O	O
壳	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
衣	O	O
服	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
件	O	O
地	O	O
脱	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
只	O	O
剩	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
衬	O	O
衫	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
出	O	O
差	O	O
前	O	O
就	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
风	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
言	O	O
谈	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
副	O	O
老	O	O
总	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
久	O	O
久	O	O
沉	O	O
默	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
开	O	O
腔	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
见	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
端	O	O
起	O	O
茶	O	O
杯	O	O
朝	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
诸	O	O
位	O	O
请	O	O
先	O	O
喝	O	O
茶	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
珠	B	B
江	E	E
水	O	O
泡	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
井	O	O
，	O	O
挺	O	O
香	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
试	O	O
试	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
借	O	O
着	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
摆	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
势	O	O
讲	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
忽	O	O
然	O	O
霹	O	O
雳	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
炸	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
五	O	O
光	O	O
十	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
彩	O	O
团	O	O
穿	O	O
过	O	O
滚	O	O
滚	O	O
乌	O	O
云	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
东	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
狮	B	B
子	M	M
山	E	E
上	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
云	O	O
娇	O	O
睁	O	O
眼	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
已	O	O
到	O	O
凡	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
巨	O	O
石	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
周	O	O
树	O	O
木	O	O
葱	O	O
郁	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
云	O	O
蔽	O	O
日	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
梁	O	O
德	O	O
妍	O	O
笑	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
童	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
七	O	O
拐	O	O
八	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
你	O	O
还	O	O
真	O	O
鬼	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
王	O	O
润	O	O
培	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
老	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
有	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
‘	O	O
压	O	O
倒	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
占	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
’	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
陈	O	O
隆	O	O
年	O	O
接	O	O
上	O	O
话	O	O
茬	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
该	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
说	O	O
吧	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
童	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
运	O	O
筹	O	O
与	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
“	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
”	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
们	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
查	O	O
理	O	O
斯	O	O
・	O	O
科	O	O
雷	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
之	O	O
王	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
地	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
惜	O	O
重	O	O
金	O	O
引	O	O
聘	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
望	O	O
他	O	O
光	O	O
临	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
当	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
都	O	O
被	O	O
他	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
年	O	O
事	O	O
已	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
婉	O	O
言	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
雷	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
您	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
临	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
地	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
科	O	O
雷	O	O
跟	O	O
前	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
请	O	O
您	O	O
不	O	O
吝	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
宛	O	O
如	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
毛	O	O
病	O	O
被	O	O
高	O	O
超	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
语	O	O
道	O	O
破	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
对	O	O
科	O	O
雷	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
佩	O	O
服	O	O
得	O	O
五	O	O
体	O	O
投	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
顺	O	O
着	O	O
科	O	O
雷	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
科	O	O
雷	O	O
前	O	O
辈	O	O
能	O	O
去	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
珠	O	O
江	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
的	O	O
莫	O	O
大	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
！	O	O
只	O	O
怕	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
福	O	O
分	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
们	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
得	O	O
无	O	O
以	O	O
言	O	O
状	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
科	O	O
雷	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
对	O	O
珠	O	O
江	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
深	O	O
知	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
：	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
永	O	O
不	O	O
间	O	O
断	O	O
的	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
”	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
芬	O	O
拿	O	O
和	O	O
托	O	O
马	O	O
，	O	O
聘	O	O
为	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
珠	O	O
江	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
又	O	O
连	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
台	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
至	O	O
四	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
镶	O	O
嵌	O	O
在	O	O
碧	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
宝	O	O
石	O	O
般	O	O
熠	O	O
熠	O	O
闪	O	O
烁	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
星	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
无	O	O
愧	O	O
是	O	O
繁	O	O
星	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
文	O	O
辉	O	O
简	O	O
世	O	O
辉	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
呀	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
瘦	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
汗	O	O
珠	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
汇	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
小	O	O
溪	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
镜	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
形	O	O
，	O	O
耳	O	O
朵	O	O
烫	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
泡	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
从	O	O
罐	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
似	O	O
从	O	O
水	O	O
中	O	O
捞	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
内	O	O
裤	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
拧	O	O
出	O	O
汗	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
像	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
他	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
遇	O	O
上	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
遇	O	O
上	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
多	O	O
流	O	O
一	O	O
滴	O	O
汗	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
少	O	O
流	O	O
一	O	O
滴	O	O
汗	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
几	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
接	O	O
受	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
五	O	O
一	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
奖	O	O
章	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
他	O	O
伫	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
天	B	B
安	M	M
门	M	M
广	M	M
场	E	E
，	O	O
仰	O	O
望	O	O
冉	O	O
冉	O	O
升	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
星	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
默	O	O
诵	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
念	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
干	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
干	O	O
出	O	O
好	O	O
样	O	O
来	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
●	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
定	O	O
点	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
建	O	O
点	O	O
到	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
建	O	O
点	O	O
到	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
。	O	O
劳	O	O
务	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
向	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
输	O	O
送	O	O
劳	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
向	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
输	O	O
送	O	O
女	O	O
劳	O	O
力	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
资	O	O
助	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
女	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
女	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
长	O	O
山	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
杨	O	O
丽	O	O
华	O	O
被	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
为	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
啊	O	O
！	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
的	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
分	O	O
住	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
吃	O	O
在	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
东	O	O
半	O	O
球	O	O
飞	O	O
到	O	O
西	O	O
半	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
南	O	O
半	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
夏	O	O
又	O	O
飞	O	O
到	O	O
北	O	O
半	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
冬	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
年	O	O
把	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
或	O	O
姥	O	O
姥	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
见	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
远	O	O
航	O	O
归	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
靠	O	O
磁	O	O
卡	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
听	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
叫	O	O
爸	O	O
爸	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
。	O	O
杨	O	O
丽	O	O
华	O	O
深	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
虽	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
酸	O	O
甜	O	O
苦	O	O
辣	O	O
的	O	O
写	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
穿	O	O
上	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
制	O	O
服	O	O
，	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
蓝	O	O
天	O	O
大	O	O
“	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
焕	O	O
然	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
山	B	B
东	M	M
省	M	E
滨	M	B
州	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
“	O	O
巾	O	O
帼	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
结	O	O
出	O	O
累	O	O
累	O	O
硕	O	O
果	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
了	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
子	O	O
在	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
？	O	O
滨	O	O
州	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
沾	B	O
化	E	O
、	O	O
阳	B	B
信	M	M
县	E	E
，	O	O
走	O	O
村	O	O
入	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
良	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
集	O	O
思	O	O
广	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
种	O	O
养	O	O
加	O	O
短	O	O
平	O	O
快	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
滚	O	O
动	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
要	O	O
扶	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
扶	O	O
智	O	O
。	O	O
滨	B	B
州	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
各	O	O
级	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
巾	O	O
帼	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
门	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
搞	O	O
智	O	O
力	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
夜	O	O
校	O	O
等	O	O
阵	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
讲	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
授	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
新	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
滨	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
直	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
妇	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
莱	B	B
家	M	M
村	E	E
３	O	O
５	O	O
名	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
出	O	O
资	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
农	O	O
函	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
农	O	O
家	O	O
女	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
残	O	O
害	O	O
女	O	O
童	O	O
者	O	O
伏	O	O
法	O	O
此	O	O
案	O	O
案	O	O
发	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
判	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
幼	O	O
女	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
幼	O	O
女	O	O
被	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
强	O	O
暴	O	O
时	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
物	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
罪	O	O
犯	O	O
作	O	O
案	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
作	O	O
案	O	O
次	O	O
数	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
作	O	O
案	O	O
人	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
遭	O	O
此	O	O
凌	O	O
辱	O	O
、	O	O
摧	O	O
残	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
极	O	O
度	O	O
惊	O	O
吓	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
被	O	O
强	O	O
暴	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
、	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
控	O	O
时	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
在	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
时	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
史	O	O
姓	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
村	O	O
占	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
监	O	O
视	O	O
外	O	O
调	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
取	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
邓	O	O
名	O	O
苏	O	O
曹	O	O
龙	O	O
彪	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
下	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
辛	O	O
元	O	O
响	O	O
应	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
永	B	B
兴	M	M
县	E	E
城	B	B
关	M	M
镇	E	E
胜	B	O
利	M	O
街	E	O
安	O	O
家	O	O
落	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
响	O	O
应	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
家	O	O
务	O	O
农	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
辛	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
莲	O	O
美	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
去	O	O
信	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
寻	O	O
找	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
日	B	O
照	M	O
县	E	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
姊	O	O
妹	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
地	O	O
址	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
回	O	O
音	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
山	B	O
东	E	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
因	O	O
她	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
下	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
曾	O	O
辛	O	O
元	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
辛	O	O
元	O	O
去	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
兰	O	O
州	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
戎	O	O
发	O	O
制	O	O
药	O	O
厂	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
经	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
部	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
妇	O	O
科	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
药	O	O
“	O	O
斯	O	O
娜	O	O
格	O	O
”	O	O
药	O	O
膜	O	O
，	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
给	O	O
甘	B	B
肃	M	M
省	E	E
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
杨	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
福	O	O
寿	O	O
满	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
吹	O	O
牛	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
信	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
口	O	O
服	O	O
液	O	O
！	O	O
“	O	O
想	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
服	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
福	O	O
寿	O	O
仙	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
满	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
友	O	O
生	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
介	O	O
于	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
与	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
很	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
病	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
算	O	O
身	O	O
强	O	O
体	O	O
壮	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
由	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
病	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
白	O	O
燕	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
愿	O	O
福	O	O
寿	O	O
仙	O	O
别	O	O
倒	O	O
了	O	O
牌	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
老	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
嗓	O	O
音	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
清	O	O
亮	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
高	O	O
声	O	O
唱	O	O
着	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
含	O	O
着	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
噙	O	O
着	O	O
满	O	O
眼	O	O
的	O	O
泪	O	O
，	O	O
歌	O	O
唱	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
歌	O	O
唱	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
！	O	O
周	O	O
公	O	O
诞	O	O
辰	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
早	O	O
早	O	O
筹	O	O
划	O	O
着	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
们	O	O
热	O	O
血	O	O
奔	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
波	O	O
涛	O	O
涌	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
惊	O	O
耗	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
廖	O	O
（	O	O
承	O	O
志	O	O
）	O	O
被	O	O
捕	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
次	O	O
潘	O	O
汉	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
密	O	O
报	O	O
。	O	O
宋	O	O
庆	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
危	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
系	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
那	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
胡	O	O
公	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
副	O	O
公	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
乌	O	O
云	O	O
重	O	O
压	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
时	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
被	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
抓	O	O
捕	O	O
、	O	O
杀	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
险	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
当	O	O
众	O	O
铮	O	O
铮	O	O
誓	O	O
言	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
同	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
！	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
被	O	O
捕	O	O
、	O	O
坐	O	O
牢	O	O
、	O	O
杀	O	O
头	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
副	O	O
公	O	O
的	O	O
铿	O	O
锵	O	O
号	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
咚	O	O
咚	O	O
战	O	O
鼓	O	O
，	O	O
敲	O	O
击	O	O
着	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
红	O	O
岩	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
。	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
斗	O	O
士	O	O
们	O	O
流	O	O
着	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
泪	O	O
、	O	O
昂	O	O
着	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
举	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
雷	O	O
鸣	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
吼	O	O
声	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
同	O	O
你	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
死	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
刚	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
吼	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
震	O	O
撼	O	O
！	O	O
向	O	O
屠	O	O
夫	O	O
蒋	O	O
介	O	O
石	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
壮	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
！	O	O
怎	O	O
能	O	O
忘	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
雨	O	O
后	O	O
乍	O	O
晴	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
宋	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
陈	O	O
舜	O	O
瑶	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
居	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
曾	O	O
同	O	O
张	O	O
颖	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
剑	O	O
红	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
语	O	O
今	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
纵	O	O
谈	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
楼	O	O
梦	O	O
》	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
借	O	O
问	O	O
红	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
曾	O	O
知	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
红	O	O
岩	O	O
山	O	O
头	O	O
论	O	O
“	O	O
红	O	O
楼	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
雅	O	O
事	O	O
？	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
轮	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
痕	O	O
：	O	O
周	O	O
公	O	O
同	O	O
冯	O	O
玉	O	O
祥	O	O
的	O	O
频	O	O
频	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
革	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
初	O	O
基	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
同	O	O
沈	O	O
钧	O	O
儒	O	O
的	O	O
往	O	O
返	O	O
，	O	O
萌	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
盟	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
初	O	O
芽	O	O
；	O	O
同	O	O
黄	O	O
炎	O	O
培	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
相	O	O
欢	O	O
谈	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
萌	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
建	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
恰	O	O
值	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
勃	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
雨	O	O
露	O	O
浇	O	O
洒	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
融	O	O
注	O	O
进	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
管	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
记	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
和	O	O
黄	O	O
若	O	O
暾	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
病	O	O
卧	O	O
小	B	O
龙	M	O
坎	E	O
的	O	O
库	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
把	O	O
殷	O	O
殷	O	O
亲	O	O
情	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
视	O	O
、	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
、	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
热	O	O
、	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
领	O	O
袖	O	O
的	O	O
恩	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
珍	O	O
藏	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
敬	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
（	O	O
手	O	O
指	O	O
画	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
龚	O	O
乃	O	O
昌	O	O
）	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
多	O	O
想	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
姿	O	O
势	O	O
多	O	O
想	O	O
脚	O	O
下	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
水	O	O
罐	O	O
踏	O	O
上	O	O
山	O	O
岗	O	O
古	O	O
茶	O	O
楼	O	O
情	O	O
新	O	O
韵	O	O
茶	O	O
楼	O	O
的	O	O
临	O	O
街	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
麻	O	O
卵	O	O
石	O	O
铺	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
长	O	O
巷	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
弯	O	O
弯	O	O
曲	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
吊	O	O
脚	O	O
楼	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
地	O	O
伸	O	O
向	O	O
河	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
河	O	O
风	O	O
和	O	O
太	O	O
阳	O	O
兜	O	O
得	O	O
满	O	O
楼	O	O
。	O	O
倚	O	O
栏	O	O
远	O	O
眺	O	O
，	O	O
身	O	O
在	O	O
楼	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
在	O	O
河	O	O
上	O	O
；	O	O
楼	O	O
下	O	O
有	O	O
河	O	O
，	O	O
河	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
楼	O	O
，	O	O
楼	O	O
河	O	O
相	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
小	O	O
镇	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
、	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
春	O	O
婆	O	O
老	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
春	O	O
姑	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
茶	O	O
楼	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
茶	O	O
楼	O	O
的	O	O
招	O	O
牌	O	O
换	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
春	O	O
姑	O	O
茶	O	O
楼	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
牌	O	O
子	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
先	O	O
前	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
木	O	O
板	O	O
黑	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
铝	O	O
合	O	O
金	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
白	O	O
底	O	O
红	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
撩	O	O
人	O	O
眼	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
泽	O	O
。	O	O
茶	O	O
堂	O	O
里	O	O
换	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
圆	O	O
角	O	O
茶	O	O
桌	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
国	O	O
式	O	O
靠	O	O
背	O	O
木	O	O
椅	O	O
，	O	O
左	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
茶	O	O
几	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
边	O	O
瓷	O	O
杯	O	O
，	O	O
右	O	O
边	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
开	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
壶	O	O
；	O	O
前	O	O
堂	O	O
为	O	O
水	O	O
磨	O	O
石	O	O
地	O	O
板	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
堂	O	O
是	O	O
木	O	O
纹	O	O
楼	O	O
板	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
侧	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
洞	O	O
开	O	O
着	O	O
木	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
茶	O	O
厅	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
恬	O	O
静	O	O
的	O	O
去	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
楼	O	O
别	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
包	O	O
厢	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
座	O	O
、	O	O
情	O	O
人	O	O
楼	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
客	O	O
居	O	O
、	O	O
贵	O	O
宾	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
茶	O	O
客	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
谈	O	O
古	O	O
论	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
天	O	O
说	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
磋	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
满	O	O
楼	O	O
辰	B	O
河	E	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
楼	O	O
春	O	O
意	O	O
浓	O	O
，	O	O
缠	O	O
绵	O	O
得	O	O
茶	O	O
客	O	O
们	O	O
依	O	O
依	O	O
恋	O	O
恋	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
舍	O	O
难	O	O
离	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
晃	O	O
『	O	O
上	O	O
晃	O	O
』	O	O
易	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
错	O	O
觉	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
篓	O	O
子	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
块	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
推	O	O
车	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
气	O	O
与	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
基	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
人	O	O
便	O	O
把	O	O
『	O	O
上	O	O
晃	O	O
』	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
形	O	O
容	O	O
词	O	O
用	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
某	O	O
某	O	O
人	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
戴	O	O
高	O	O
帽	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
『	O	O
好	O	O
上	O	O
晃	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
你	O	O
上	O	O
晃	O	O
上	O	O
晃	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
姓	O	O
啥	O	O
了	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
上	O	O
晃	O	O
』	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
动	O	O
词	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
唐	O	O
岩	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
社	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
州	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
画	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
云	O	O
龙	O	O
艺	O	O
画	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
展	O	O
出	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
幅	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
胡	O	O
才	O	O
春	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	O	O
竞	O	O
若	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
矿	O	O
藏	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
王	O	O
毓	O	O
秀	O	O
说	O	O
得	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
：	O	O
煤	O	O
是	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
。	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
巧	O	O
用	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
丢	O	O
掉	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
眼	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
大	O	O
县	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
、	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
山	O	O
药	O	O
蛋	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
推	O	O
土	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
装	O	O
载	O	O
机	O	O
隆	O	O
隆	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
座	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
丰	O	O
厚	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
也	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
了	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
高	O	O
炉	O	O
灰	O	O
飞	O	O
烟	O	O
灭	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
硬	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
私	O	O
开	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
煤	O	O
场	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
镇	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
毓	O	O
秀	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
轨	O	O
是	O	O
逼	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
孙	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
可	O	O
走	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
“	O	O
想	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
盼	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
怕	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
和	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
考	O	O
评	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
逼	O	O
着	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
里	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
四	O	O
处	O	O
奔	O	O
波	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
批	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
高	B	B
都	M	M
镇	E	E
更	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
富	O	O
集	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
泽	B	B
州	E	E
的	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
被	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
创	O	O
举	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
河	B	B
西	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
均	O	O
居	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
河	O	O
西	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
武	B	O
威	E	O
、	O	O
张	B	B
掖	E	E
、	O	O
金	B	B
昌	E	E
、	O	O
酒	B	B
泉	E	E
、	O	O
嘉	B	B
峪	M	M
关	E	E
５	O	O
地	O	O
市	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
队	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
队	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
。	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
它	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
河	B	B
西	E	E
千	O	O
里	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
召	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
它	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
甘	B	B
肃	E	E
军	O	O
民	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
所	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
谢	O	O
世	O	O
杰	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
正	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
半	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
葛	O	O
治	O	O
洲	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
队	O	O
开	O	O
赴	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
晚	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
、	O	O
山	B	B
西	E	E
、	O	O
内	O	B
蒙	O	M
古	O	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
局	O	O
也	O	O
派	O	O
队	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
并	O	O
监	O	O
视	O	O
震	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
河	O	B
北	O	M
省	O	E
财	O	O
政	O	O
厅	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
调	O	O
拨	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
棉	O	O
衣	O	O
、	O	O
棉	O	O
被	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
等	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
火	O	O
速	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
器	O	O
械	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
救	O	O
护	O	O
队	O	O
也	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
天	O	O
寒	O	O
地	O	O
冻	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
正	O	O
严	O	O
密	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
震	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
余	O	O
震	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
孟	O	O
仁	O	O
泉	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
全	O	O
面	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
让	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
省	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
厅	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
并	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
袁	O	O
亚	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
３	O	O
０	O	O
支	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
队	O	O
赴	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
白	O	O
关	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
熙	O	O
熙	O	O
攘	O	O
攘	O	O
。	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
摊	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
争	O	O
着	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
五	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
袁	O	O
文	O	O
耀	O	O
手	O	O
拿	O	O
一	O	O
叠	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
、	O	O
种	O	O
菜	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
地	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
想	O	O
得	O	O
真	O	O
周	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
想	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
韩	O	O
振	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冉	O	O
永	O	O
平	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
陆	O	O
上	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
级	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
创	O	O
『	O	O
七	O	O
五	O	O
』	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
递	O	O
减	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
放	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
已	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
周	O	O
永	O	O
康	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
陆	O	O
上	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
级	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
仗	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
改	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
和	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
扭	O	O
亏	O	O
增	O	O
盈	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
塔	B	B
里	M	M
木	M	M
盆	M	M
地	E	E
等	O	O
新	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
区	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
到	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
老	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
区	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
采	O	O
收	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
再	O	O
上	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
在	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
对	O	O
摩	B	B
洛	M	M
哥	E	E
的	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
摩	O	B
洛	O	M
哥	O	M
马	O	M
格	O	M
里	O	M
布	O	M
阿	O	M
拉	O	M
伯	O	E
通	O	O
讯	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
专	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
之	O	O
间	O	O
历	O	O
来	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
坚	O	O
决	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
捍	O	O
卫	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
同	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
和	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
以	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
为	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
最	O	O
近	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	B
非	O	E
传	O	O
统	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
驻	O	O
京	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
以	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
炮	O	O
兵	O	O
、	O	O
海	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
唐	O	O
西	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
陆	O	O
福	O	O
恩	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
宏	O	O
斌	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
赖	O	O
斌	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
完	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
沉	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
至	O	O
深	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
人	O	O
深	O	O
省	O	O
的	O	O
剧	O	O
情	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
元	O	O
帅	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
地	O	O
打	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
向	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
征	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
指	O	O
战	O	O
员	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
行	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
专	O	O
多	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
复	O	O
合	O	O
型	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
台	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
很	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
上	O	O
空	O	O
盛	O	O
行	O	O
偏	O	O
西	O	O
或	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
气	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
云	O	O
量	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
间	O	O
断	O	O
性	O	O
阴	O	O
雨	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
南	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
以	O	O
及	O	O
四	B	B
川	M	M
盆	M	M
地	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
阴	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
为	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
到	O	O
阴	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
青	B	B
藏	M	M
高	M	M
原	E	E
东	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雪	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
各	O	O
地	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
件	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
件	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
让	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
８	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
杜	O	O
青	O	O
林	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
助	O	O
理	O	O
董	O	O
范	O	O
园	O	O
等	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
海	O	B
南	O	M
省	O	E
水	O	O
产	O	O
供	O	O
销	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
杜	O	O
青	O	O
林	O	O
动	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
想	O	O
着	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
疾	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
愧	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
张	O	O
丁	O	O
华	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
所	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
尹	O	O
克	O	O
升	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
党	O	O
对	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
贾	O	O
祥	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
谈	O	O
家	O	O
桢	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
有	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
谈	O	O
家	O	O
桢	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
很	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
难	O	O
能	O	O
可	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
成	O	O
元	O	O
生	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
各	O	O
国	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
各	O	O
国	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
大	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
加	M	M
坡	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
创	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
新	O	O
低	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	M
华	B	M
尔	M	M
街	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
三	O	O
大	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
均	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
《	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
种	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
点	O	O
报	O	O
收	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
法	B	B
兰	M	M
克	M	M
福	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｘ	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
种	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
下	O	O
泻	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
于	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
种	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
点	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
李	O	O
石	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
邱	O	O
玲	O	O
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
孤	O	O
身	O	O
斗	O	O
歹	O	O
徒	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
邱	O	O
玲	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
记	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
遵	B	B
化	M	M
市	E	E
东	B	B
旧	M	M
寨	M	M
镇	E	E
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
镇	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
寡	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
烈	O	O
军	O	O
属	O	O
结	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
做	O	O
家	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
五	O	O
虎	O	O
岭	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
少	O	O
先	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
巡	O	O
礼	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
是	O	O
使	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
部	O	O
“	O	O
把	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
已	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
《	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
较	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
可	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
大	B	B
连	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
大	B	O
连	M	O
市	E	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
于	O	O
学	O	O
祥	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
薄	O	O
熙	O	O
来	O	O
为	O	O
大	B	B
连	M	M
市	E	E
市	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
长	B	B
春	M	M
市	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
张	O	O
绪	O	O
明	O	O
为	O	O
长	O	O
春	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
已	O	O
故	O	O
胡	O	O
志	O	O
明	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
笔	O	O
名	O	O
在	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
篇	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
赞	O	O
颂	O	O
中	O	O
越	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
各	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
计	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
间	O	O
歇	O	O
地	O	O
撰	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
绝	O	O
无	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
翻	O	O
阅	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
所	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
使	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
胡	O	O
志	O	O
明	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
搜	O	O
集	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
引	O	O
用	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
旧	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
等	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
日	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
异	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
；	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
各	O	O
阶	O	O
层	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
党	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
而	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
；	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
各	O	O
条	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
新	O	O
事	O	O
；	O	O
讴	O	O
歌	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
家	O	O
作	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
胡	O	O
志	O	O
明	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
借	O	O
此	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
和	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
鼓	O	O
足	O	O
干	O	O
劲	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
性	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
材	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
在	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
挑	O	O
选	O	O
了	O	O
刘	O	O
胡	O	O
兰	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
继	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
焦	O	O
裕	O	O
禄	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
锋	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
崇	O	O
伦	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
永	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
士	O	O
其	O	O
、	O	O
郝	O	O
建	O	O
秀	O	O
等	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
在	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
末	O	O
尾	O	O
附	O	O
带	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
语	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
验	O	O
；	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
能	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
也	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
”	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
公	O	O
詹	O	O
姆	O	O
士	O	O
・	O	O
邦	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
于	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
工	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
超	O	O
级	O	O
间	O	O
谍	O	O
和	O	O
杀	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
号	O	O
“	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
“	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
”	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
詹	O	O
姆	O	O
士	O	O
・	O	O
邦	O	O
德	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
诺	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
》	O	O
问	O	O
世	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
”	O	O
主	O	O
演	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
”	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
接	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
邦	O	O
德	O	O
在	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
家	O	O
喻	O	O
户	O	O
晓	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
首	O	O
映	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
》	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
该	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
片	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
：	O	O
耗	O	O
资	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
舆	O	O
论	O	O
还	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
“	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
”	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
片	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
好	B	O
莱	M	O
坞	E	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
把	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
描	O	O
绘	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
罪	O	O
恶	O	O
之	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
俄	B	O
罗	M	O
斯	E	O
黑	O	O
手	O	O
党	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
反	O	O
面	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
好	B	O
莱	M	O
坞	E	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
时	O	O
髦	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
好	B	O
莱	M	O
坞	E	O
就	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
部	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
大	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
《	O	O
圣	O	O
徒	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
专	O	O
机	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
《	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
专	O	O
机	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
国	O	O
内	O	O
就	O	O
赚	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
片	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
”	O	O
哈	O	O
里	O	O
逊	O	O
・	O	O
福	O	O
特	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
端	O	O
起	O	O
枪	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
匪	O	O
徒	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
卫	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
俄	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
好	B	O
莱	M	O
坞	E	O
打	O	O
斗	O	O
片	O	O
中	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
总	O	O
爱	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
说	O	O
成	O	O
是	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
人	O	O
？	O	O
奔	O	O
驰	O	O
在	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
初	O	O
上	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
真	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
条	O	O
车	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
驶	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
外	O	O
侧	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
时	O	O
速	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
想	O	O
超	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
得	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
并	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
里	O	O
道	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
想	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
手	O	O
心	O	O
直	O	O
冒	O	O
汗	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
反	O	O
光	O	O
镜	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
辆	O	O
飞	O	O
驰	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
从	O	O
身	O	O
旁	O	O
呼	O	O
呼	O	O
掠	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
像	O	O
在	O	O
玩	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
偶	O	O
尔	O	O
想	O	O
懈	O	O
怠	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
觉	O	O
后	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
车	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
答	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
劲	O	O
风	O	O
超	O	O
到	O	O
左	O	O
侧	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
忙	O	O
着	O	O
收	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
让	O	O
道	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
呼	O	O
啸	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
地	O	O
打	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
灯	O	O
以	O	O
示	O	O
谢	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
车	O	O
难	O	O
免	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
警	O	O
察	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
警	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
带	O	O
枪	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
亲	O	O
近	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
。	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
叹	O	O
服	O	O
。	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
曾	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
车	O	O
祸	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
：	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
的	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
奥	O	O
山	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
到	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
革	O	O
”	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
硬	O	O
邦	O	O
邦	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
动	O	O
听	O	O
的	O	O
抒	O	O
情	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
接	O	O
触	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
深	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
触	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
洋	O	O
歌	O	O
剧	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
学	O	O
习	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
同	O	O
为	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
先	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
现	O	O
代	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
却	O	O
更	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
奥	O	O
山	O	O
由	O	O
美	O	O
意	B	O
大	M	O
利	E	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
米	B	O
兰	E	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
初	O	O
来	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
浓	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
气	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
米	B	B
兰	E	E
也	O	O
有	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
骄	O	O
傲	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
奥	B	B
莫	M	M
教	M	M
堂	E	E
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
让	O	O
米	B	B
兰	E	E
人	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
底	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
性	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
。	O	O
沉	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
奥	B	B
莫	M	M
教	M	M
堂	E	E
中	O	O
数	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
它	O	O
那	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
逢	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
酣	O	O
畅	O	O
淋	O	O
漓	O	O
的	O	O
构	O	O
造	O	O
之	O	O
妙	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
厚	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
线	O	O
装	O	O
古	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
看	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
也	O	O
向	O	O
你	O	O
索	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
索	O	O
取	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
苛	O	O
求	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
信	O	O
教	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
寄	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
珍	O	O
藏	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
殿	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O
试	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
假	O	O
如	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
粲	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
堂	O	O
作	O	O
载	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
经	O	O
千	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
古	O	O
典	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
还	O	O
能	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
绚	O	O
烂	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
而	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
精	O	O
灵	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
扬	O	O
，	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
圣	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
还	O	O
能	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
长	O	O
久	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
朱	O	O
梦	O	O
魁	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
多	O	O
子	O	O
多	O	O
孙	O	O
的	O	O
穆	O	O
斯	O	O
林	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
丁	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
原	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
乐	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
进	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
孕	O	O
妇	O	O
临	O	O
产	O	O
前	O	O
须	O	O
早	O	O
做	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
先	O	O
停	O	O
靠	O	O
在	O	O
岸	O	O
边	O	O
或	O	O
桥	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
有	O	O
阵	O	O
痛	O	O
就	O	O
得	O	O
赶	O	O
紧	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
有	O	O
接	O	O
生	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
孕	O	O
妇	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
在	O	O
船	O	O
上	O	O
临	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
十	O	O
有	O	O
八	O	O
九	O	O
是	O	O
保	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
渔	O	O
家	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
照	O	O
常	O	O
随	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
驾	O	O
船	O	O
捕	O	O
鱼	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
危	O	O
祸	O	O
福	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
听	O	O
凭	O	O
真	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
与	O	O
陆	O	O
地	O	O
隔	O	O
绝	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
上	O	O
岸	O	O
的	O	O
次	O	O
数	O	O
屈	O	O
指	O	O
可	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
到	O	O
岸	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
买	O	O
食	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
必	O	O
需	O	O
品	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
船	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
轿	O	O
车	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
位	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
谈	O	O
”	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
笨	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
问	O	O
其	O	O
详	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
把	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
奢	O	O
侈	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
只	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
卡	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
汽	O	O
、	O	O
二	O	O
汽	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
卡	O	O
车	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
买	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
许	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
。	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
挡	O	O
也	O	O
挡	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
是	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
才	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
不	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
如	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
。	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
如	O	O
实	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
就	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
降	O	O
价	O	O
风	O	O
与	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
仍	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
特	O	O
许	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
上	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
电	O	O
信	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
联	O	O
通	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
又	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
转	O	O
轨	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
说	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
由	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
和	O	O
裸	O	O
机	O	O
两	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
能	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
少	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
微	O	O
乎	O	O
其	O	O
微	O	O
。	O	O
裸	O	O
机	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
商	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
商	O	O
都	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
就	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
位	O	O
下	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
视	O	O
点	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
部	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
版	O	O
，	O	O
隔	O	O
周	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
与	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
个	O	O
『	O	O
政	O	O
绩	O	O
打	O	O
假	O	O
』	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
、	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
愉	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
中	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
聚	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
过	O	O
结	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
、	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
求	O	O
得	O	O
亲	O	O
友	O	O
和	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
谅	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
尝	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
件	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
诚	O	O
挚	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
融	O	O
洽	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
“	O	O
过	O	O
结	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
亲	O	O
善	O	O
和	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
际	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
乐	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
呢	O	O
。	O	O
衡	O	O
阳	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
为	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
驻	O	O
村	O	O
蹲	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
驻	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
村	O	O
和	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
村	O	O
入	O	O
户	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
吃	O	O
、	O	O
同	O	O
住	O	O
、	O	O
同	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
架	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
抓	O	O
实	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
建	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
送	O	O
点	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
找	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
情	O	O
洒	O	O
太	O	O
旧	O	O
路	O	O
昔	O	O
日	O	O
过	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
慷	O	O
慨	O	O
解	O	O
囊	O	O
今	O	O
朝	O	O
履	O	O
诺	O	O
言	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
还	O	O
款	O	O
这	O	O
条	O	O
路	O	O
是	O	O
山	B	B
西	E	E
的	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
直	O	O
通	O	O
京	O	O
、	O	O
津	O	O
，	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
辆	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
山	B	B
西	E	E
对	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
干	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
该	O	O
路	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
收	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
许	O	O
诺	O	O
“	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
还	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
诺	O	O
言	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
兑	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
长	B	B
沙	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	O	O
兴	O	O
华	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
长	B	O
沙	M	O
市	E	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
美	O	O
容	O	O
美	O	O
发	O	O
店	O	O
。	O	O
畜	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
对	O	O
牧	O	O
草	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
量	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
草	O	O
业	O	O
既	O	O
可	O	O
改	O	O
良	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
可	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
可	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
、	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
超	O	O
载	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
改	O	O
良	O	O
草	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
飞	O	O
播	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
牧	O	O
草	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
已	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
亩	O	O
；	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
外	O	O
界	O	O
来	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
草	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
马	O	B
萨	O	M
诸	O	M
塞	O	M
州	O	E
国	O	O
际	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
所	O	O
属	O	O
中	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
呼	O	O
盟	O	O
鄂	B	O
温	M	O
克	M	O
旗	E	O
境	O	O
内	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
苜	O	O
蓿	O	O
草	O	O
改	O	O
良	O	O
退	O	O
化	O	O
草	O	O
场	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
呼	B	B
伦	M	M
贝	M	M
尔	E	M
草	O	M
原	O	E
投	O	O
资	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
、	O	O
还	O	O
赚	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
老	O	O
知	O	O
青	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
筹	O	O
划	O	O
着	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
种	O	O
草	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
赚	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
的	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
路	E	E
、	O	O
沿	B	B
江	M	M
路	E	E
、	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
路	E	E
、	O	O
中	B	B
山	M	M
路	E	E
、	O	O
农	B	O
林	M	O
下	M	O
路	E	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
探	O	O
访	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
被	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
人	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
走	O	O
鬼	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
假	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
贩	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
南	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
厦	O	O
对	O	O
面	O	O
珠	B	B
江	E	E
沿	O	O
岸	O	O
入	O	O
口	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
大	O	O
模	O	O
大	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
倚	O	O
靠	O	O
在	O	O
路	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
护	O	O
栏	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
晃	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
盖	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
红	O	O
公	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
吆	O	O
喝	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
来	O	O
穗	O	O
出	O	O
差	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
端	O	O
详	O	O
着	O	O
票	O	O
贩	O	O
子	O	O
递	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
票	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
说	O	O
着	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
架	O	O
势	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
讨	O	O
价	O	O
还	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
会	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
人	O	O
又	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
票	O	O
贩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
后	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
包	O	O
小	O	O
包	O	O
汇	O	O
入	O	O
人	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
这	O	O
般	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
中	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
有	O	O
６	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
票	O	O
贩	O	O
子	O	O
谈	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
揣	O	O
起	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
惶	O	O
惶	O	O
然	O	O
左	O	O
顾	O	O
右	O	O
盼	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
才	O	O
悄	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
究	O	O
竟	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
走	O	O
鬼	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
一	O	O
钱	O	O
不	O	O
值	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
“	O	O
含	O	O
金	O	O
量	O	O
”	O	O
极	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
假	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
说	O	O
得	O	O
清	O	O
。	O	O
贺	O	O
卡	O	O
：	O	O
太	O	O
俗	O	O
太	O	O
滥	O	O
赞	O	O
民	O	O
乐	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
”	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
脚	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
抓	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
要	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
和	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
官	O	O
僚	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
统	O	O
揽	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
、	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
流	O	O
于	O	O
空	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
兵	O	O
简	O	O
政	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
不	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
不	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
要	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
抓	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
硬	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
半	O	O
点	O	O
马	O	O
虎	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
征	O	O
税	O	O
九	O	O
百	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
亿	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
一	O	O
成	O	O
创	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
配	O	O
备	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
审	O	O
价	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
审	O	O
价	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
瞒	O	O
报	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
审	O	O
价	O	O
补	O	O
税	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
批	O	O
示	O	O
和	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
采	O	O
伐	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
林	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
吉	B	B
林	M	M
市	E	E
，	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
名	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
经	O	O
传	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
白	O	O
手	O	O
起	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
便	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
年	O	O
创	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
员	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
率	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
藐	O	O
视	O	O
畏	O	O
缩	O	O
不	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
弱	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
钟	O	O
情	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
坚	O	O
韧	O	O
不	O	O
拔	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
苦	O	O
苦	O	O
求	O	O
索	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
柏	O	O
玉	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
捕	O	O
捉	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	M	M
市	E	E
一	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
定	O	O
制	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
只	O	O
铝	O	O
桶	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
要	O	O
货	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
定	O	O
点	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
，	O	O
好	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
尽	O	O
，	O	O
揽	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
笔	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
徐	O	O
柏	O	O
玉	O	O
和	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
聘	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
奋	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
自	O	O
制	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
便	O	O
如	O	O
期	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
只	O	O
铝	O	O
桶	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
柏	O	O
玉	O	O
人	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
瘦	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
窝	O	O
深	O	O
陷	O	O
，	O	O
布	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
血	O	O
丝	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
他	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
却	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
舒	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
。	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
Ｙ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
１	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
柜	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
抢	O	O
占	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
制	O	O
高	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
１	O	O
Ａ	O	O
型	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
柜	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
旺	O	O
季	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
柜	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
被	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
柜	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
闻	O	O
风	O	O
而	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
人	O	O
马	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
Ｙ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
１	O	O
型	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
柜	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
经	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
指	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
性	O	O
能	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
已	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
四	O	O
面	O	O
八	O	O
方	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
订	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
Ａ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
刚	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
柔	O	O
”	O	O
相	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
已	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
最	O	O
有	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
形	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
徐	O	O
柏	O	O
玉	O	O
对	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
无	O	O
人	O	O
可	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
里	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
楼	O	O
下	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
嘈	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
贸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
徐	O	O
柏	O	O
玉	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
他	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
高	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
徐	O	O
柏	O	O
玉	O	O
却	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
笔	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
套	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
有	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
采	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
“	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
仗	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
冲	O	O
破	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
块	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
层	O	O
系	O	O
上	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
立	O	O
体	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
准	B	O
噶	M	O
尔	E	O
盆	O	O
地	O	O
腹	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
石	B	B
南	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
侏	O	O
罗	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
级	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	B
南	O	M
沙	O	E
丘	O	O
南	O	O
四	O	O
口	O	O
井	O	O
见	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
；	O	O
吐	B	O
哈	M	O
盆	M	O
地	E	O
的	O	O
台	O	O
前	O	O
凹	O	O
陷	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
鲁	O	O
克	O	O
沁	O	O
稠	O	O
油	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
；	O	O
塔	B	B
里	M	M
木	M	M
盆	M	M
地	E	E
油	O	O
气	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
继	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
新	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
期	O	O
：	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
口	O	O
探	O	O
井	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
口	O	O
探	O	O
井	O	O
喜	O	O
获	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
明	O	O
加	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
余	O	O
继	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
伟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
―	O	O
尚	B	B
义	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
安	O	O
抚	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
已	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
就	O	O
绪	O	O
，	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
防	O	O
疫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
正	O	O
源	O	O
源	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
运	O	O
往	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
海	B	B
流	M	M
河	M	M
乡	E	E
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
乡	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
李	O	O
启	O	O
旺	O	O
的	O	O
岳	O	O
母	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
县	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
去	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
他	O	O
却	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
山	B	B
盖	M	M
沟	M	M
村	E	E
组	O	O
织	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
启	O	O
旺	O	O
正	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
在	O	O
巡	O	O
逻	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
把	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
他	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
朴	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
汉	O	O
子	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
愣	O	O
了	O	O
愣	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
或	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
条	O	O
长	O	O
途	O	O
光	O	O
缆	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
光	O	O
缆	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
长	O	O
逾	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
缆	O	O
总	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
八	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
再	O	O
建	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
条	O	O
全	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
光	O	O
缆	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
八	O	O
五	O	O
』	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
石	O	O
长	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
全	O	O
线	O	O
铺	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
石	O	O
长	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
路	O	O
网	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
起	O	O
焦	O	O
枝	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
的	O	O
石	B	O
门	E	O
北	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
接	O	O
京	O	O
广	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
捞	B	O
刀	M	O
河	E	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
长	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
石	O	O
长	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
西	O	O
北	O	O
三	O	O
市	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
大	O	O
动	O	O
脉	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
吴	O	O
兴	O	O
华	O	O
）	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
论	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
以	O	O
食	O	O
为	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
安	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
它	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
脑	O	O
中	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
扎	O	O
根	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
九	O	O
银	O	O
十	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
商	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
旺	O	O
季	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
大	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
却	O	O
苦	O	O
于	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
大	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
滑	O	O
坡	O	O
。	O	O
伴	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
叫	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
应	O	O
运	O	O
而	O	O
兴	O	O
。	O	O
别	O	O
具	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	M
大	O	M
商	O	M
场	O	E
在	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
抽	O	O
调	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
从	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
“	O	O
转	O	O
战	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
从	O	O
先	O	O
前	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
门	O	O
小	O	O
脸	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
“	O	O
升	O	O
格	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
大	O	O
商	O	O
厦	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
一	O	O
窍	O	O
不	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
无	O	O
人	O	O
敢	O	O
承	O	O
租	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
挠	O	O
着	O	O
头	O	O
皮	O	O
惴	O	O
惴	O	O
上	O	O
阵	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
参	O	O
差	O	O
不	O	O
齐	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
商	O	O
厦	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
张	O	O
头	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
丢	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
件	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
的	O	O
裘	O	O
皮	O	O
大	O	O
衣	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
上	O	O
完	O	O
货	O	O
后	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
前	O	O
连	O	O
最	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
盘	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
做	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
致	O	O
事	O	O
发	O	O
后	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
是	O	O
内	O	O
盗	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
盗	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
共	O	O
享	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
方	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
大	O	O
有	O	O
裨	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
方	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
为	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
不	O	O
落	O	O
窠	O	O
臼	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
别	O	O
化	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
超	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
货	O	O
、	O	O
楼	O	O
上	O	O
餐	O	O
饮	O	O
、	O	O
卖	O	O
中	O	O
高	O	O
档	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
千	O	O
店	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
中	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
上	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
焕	O	O
然	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
飞	O	O
副	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
提	O	O
醒	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
虽	O	O
无	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
无	O	O
本	O	O
买	O	O
卖	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
无	O	O
形	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
无	O	O
形	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
铺	O	O
开	O	O
『	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
』	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
应	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
测	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
应	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
职	O	O
及	O	O
后	O	O
备	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
将	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
尚	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
及	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
尚	O	O
待	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
其	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
可	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
暨	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
任	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
建	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
农	O	O
行	O	O
河	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
行	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
增	O	O
至	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
由	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
增	O	O
至	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
行	O	O
授	O	O
信	O	O
海	B	O
南	E	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
痛	O	O
定	O	O
思	O	O
痛	O	O
搞	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
办	O	O
矿	O	O
保	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
大	B	O
同	E	O
查	O	O
封	O	O
私	O	O
开	O	O
乱	O	O
采	O	O
矿	O	O
井	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
大	B	B
同	M	M
市	E	E
就	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
矿	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
由	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
矿	O	O
等	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
《	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
煤	O	O
炭	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
谁	O	O
顶	O	O
风	O	O
作	O	O
案	O	O
、	O	O
敷	O	O
衍	O	O
塞	O	O
责	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
整	O	O
掉	O	O
谁	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
矿	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
矿	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
产	O	O
煤	O	O
县	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
实	O	O
摸	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
弄	O	O
清	O	O
私	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
越	O	O
层	O	O
越	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
乱	O	O
采	O	O
滥	O	O
掘	O	O
小	O	O
煤	O	O
窑	O	O
底	O	O
数	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
同	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
办	O	O
矿	O	O
，	O	O
拔	O	O
掉	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
拒	O	O
不	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
令	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
钉	O	O
子	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
拘	O	O
留	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
私	O	O
开	O	O
矿	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
撤	O	O
职	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
名	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
蛮	O	O
干	O	O
而	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
人	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
九	O	O
家	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
『	O	O
风	B	O
兰	E	O
之	O	O
旅	O	O
』	O	O
兰	O	O
州	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
净	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
近	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
全	O	O
应	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
西	O	O
屋	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
核	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
并	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
屋	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	E
锅	O	O
炉	O	O
厂	O	O
转	O	O
让	O	O
为	O	O
秦	B	B
山	E	E
二	O	O
期	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
的	O	O
蒸	O	O
发	O	O
器	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
石	O	O
武	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
局	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
器	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	B
东	O	E
神	O	O
州	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
用	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
、	O	O
８	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
型	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
器	O	O
抽	O	O
检	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
杨	O	O
晓	O	O
军	O	O
梁	O	O
兆	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
莫	O	O
让	O	O
国	O	O
资	O	O
再	O	O
“	O	O
流	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
市	E	E
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
流	O	O
失	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
述	O	O
评	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
智	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
流	O	O
失	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
日	O	O
趋	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
练	O	O
就	O	O
正	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
邪	O	O
恶	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
乃	O	O
当	O	O
务	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
官	O	O
从	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
、	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
等	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
汉	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
炼	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
行	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
虹	B	O
口	M	O
区	E	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
办	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
业	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
官	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
攻	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
切	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
。	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
至	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
线	O	O
索	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
猛	O	O
升	O	O
了	O	O
７	O	O
倍	O	O
！	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
杨	O	O
浦	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
官	O	O
们	O	O
瞄	O	O
准	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
赔	O	O
、	O	O
回	O	O
扣	O	O
等	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
本	O	O
区	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
理	O	O
赔	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
公	O	O
交	O	O
一	O	O
汽	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
查	O	O
获	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
副	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
、	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
等	O	O
８	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
要	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
纯	O	O
朴	O	O
憨	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
河	B	O
西	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
来	O	O
装	O	O
潢	O	O
门	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
做	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
视	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
为	O	O
长	B	B
城	E	E
、	O	O
视	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
情	O	O
怀	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
嘉	B	B
峪	M	M
关	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
在	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
头	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
七	O	O
进	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
督	O	O
促	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
次	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
武	B	O
威	E	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
连	O	O
队	O	O
各	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
洗	O	O
衣	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
某	O	O
部	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
交	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
偏	O	O
袒	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
起	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
酒	O	O
泉	O	O
地	O	O
委	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
冒	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
戈	O	O
壁	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
返	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
常	O	O
年	O	O
守	O	O
卫	O	O
在	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
音	O	O
响	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
顾	O	O
之	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
西	E	E
五	O	O
地	O	O
市	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
优	O	O
待	O	O
金	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
等	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
军	O	O
烈	O	O
属	O	O
、	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
伤	O	O
残	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
回	O	O
乡	O	O
老	O	O
复	O	O
员	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
西	O	O
路	O	O
军	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
老	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
定	O	O
补	O	O
面	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
包	O	O
含	O	O
着	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
殷	O	O
殷	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
跤	O	O
跌	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
”	O	O
满	O	O
堂	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
第	O	O
七	O	O
团	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
”	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
７	O	O
批	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
承	O	O
华	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
漏	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
来	O	O
砖	O	O
瓦	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
；	O	O
老	O	O
两	O	O
口	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
寂	O	O
寞	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
学	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
零	O	O
件	O	O
组	O	O
装	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
小	O	O
收	O	O
音	O	O
机	O	O
；	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
病	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
买	O	O
药	O	O
、	O	O
喂	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
端	O	O
屎	O	O
端	O	O
尿	O	O
；	O	O
买	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
买	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
买	O	O
煤	O	O
、	O	O
担	O	O
水	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
少	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
逢	O	O
节	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
逛	O	O
公	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
身	O	O
着	O	O
军	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
簇	O	O
拥	O	O
着	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
华	B	O
清	M	O
池	E	O
游	O	O
玩	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
园	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
把	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
票	O	O
给	O	O
退	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
女	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
后	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
用	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
美	O	O
德	O	O
太	O	O
不	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
讲	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
听	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
疾	O	O
苦	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
送	O	O
进	O	O
万	O	O
家	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
青	B	B
岛	E	E
驻	O	O
藏	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
士	O	O
心	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
虽	O	O
属	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
出	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
偏	O	O
差	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
等	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
更	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
办	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
还	O	O
你	O	O
以	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
在	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
宿	O	O
舍	O	O
楼	O	O
与	O	O
教	O	O
室	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
有	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
从	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
间	O	O
抄	O	O
近	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
插	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
牌	O	O
子	O	O
也	O	O
无	O	O
济	O	O
于	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
是	O	O
哪	O	O
位	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
脑	O	O
筋	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
铺	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
甬	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
唤	O	O
起	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
抓	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
言	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
扎	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
做	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
真	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
”	O	O
给	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
乐	O	O
于	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
也	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
共	O	O
破	O	O
获	O	O
贩	O	O
枪	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
获	O	O
贩	O	O
枪	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
缴	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
枪	O	O
支	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
支	O	O
；	O	O
破	O	O
获	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
获	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
缴	O	O
海	O	O
洛	O	O
因	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
克	O	O
，	O	O
鸦	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
克	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
日	O	O
”	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
鞍	B	O
山	E	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
乱	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
军	O	O
转	O	O
办	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
转	O	O
业	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
军	O	O
转	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
将	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
转	O	O
业	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
较	O	O
往	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
团	O	O
职	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
女	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
家	O	O
贵	O	O
军	O	O
敏	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
为	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
信	O	O
诊	O	O
，	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
封	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
解	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
向	O	O
宁	O	O
翠	O	O
玉	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
张	B	B
北	E	E
―	O	O
尚	B	B
义	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
文	O	O
道	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
《	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
大	O	O
全	O	O
》	O	O
以	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
离	O	O
奇	O	O
古	O	O
怪	O	O
或	O	O
『	O	O
极	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
顶	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
尖	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
绝	O	O
』	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
大	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
『	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
』	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
尽	O	O
然	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
肚	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
积	O	O
石	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
和	O	O
量	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
『	O	O
巨	O	O
无	O	O
霸	O	O
』	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
眉	O	O
心	O	O
长	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
肉	O	O
瘤	O	O
，	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
『	O	O
长	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
只	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
』	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
舌	O	O
头	O	O
奇	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
至	O	O
三	O	O
倍	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
』	O	O
一	O	O
概	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
向	O	O
『	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
』	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
『	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
是	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
比	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
』	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
畸	O	O
形	O	O
和	O	O
『	O	O
无	O	O
聊	O	O
之	O	O
最	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
浙	B	B
江	M	M
省	E	E
嘉	B	B
兴	M	M
市	E	E
是	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
先	O	O
行	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	M
三	O	M
角	O	M
洲	O	E
１	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
识	O	O
之	O	O
士	O	O
把	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
的	O	O
“	O	O
苏	O	O
锡	O	O
常	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
的	O	O
“	O	O
杭	B	O
嘉	M	O
湖	E	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
作	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
左	O	O
膀	O	O
右	O	O
臂	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
嘉	B	B
兴	E	E
也	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
是	O	O
区	O	O
位	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	E
展	M	O
览	M	O
中	M	O
心	E	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
展	O	O
销	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
荟	O	O
萃	O	O
了	O	O
嘉	B	B
兴	E	E
１	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
种	O	O
名	O	O
特	O	O
新	O	O
优	O	O
精	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
洽	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
嘉	B	B
兴	M	M
市	E	E
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
个	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
与	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
与	O	O
上	B	O
海	E	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
和	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
产	O	O
业	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
及	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
外	O	O
延	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
嘉	B	B
兴	M	M
市	E	E
把	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
以	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
边	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
大	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
旅	O	O
游	O	O
圈	O	O
。	O	O
嘉	B	B
兴	M	M
市	E	E
把	O	O
南	B	B
湖	E	E
风	O	O
景	O	O
名	O	O
胜	O	O
、	O	O
海	B	O
宁	E	O
钱	B	O
江	E	O
观	O	O
潮	O	O
、	O	O
桐	B	O
乡	E	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
嘉	B	O
善	E	O
水	O	O
乡	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
等	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
聚	O	O
零	O	O
为	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
珠	O	O
成	O	O
链	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
嘉	B	B
兴	E	E
南	O	B
北	O	M
湖	O	E
和	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
钱	B	O
江	E	O
潮	O	O
的	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
游	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
往	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
游	O	O
德	O	O
馨	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
福	O	O
建	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
西	B	B
安	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
陕	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
安	O	O
启	O	O
元	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
蔡	O	O
竹	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
纪	O	O
鸿	O	O
尚	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
天	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
信	O	O
真	O	O
、	O	O
靠	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
振	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
钟	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
雅	O	O
芳	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
锦	O	O
才	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
野	O	O
外	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
为	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
季	O	O
风	O	O
及	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
性	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
性	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
大	O	O
气	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
以	O	O
及	O	O
东	B	B
盟	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
都	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
这	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
马	O	O
晓	O	O
春	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
傅	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
士	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
埋	O	O
头	O	O
苦	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
万	O	O
国	O	O
权	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
徐	O	O
江	O	O
善	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
线	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	E
经	M	O
济	M	O
技	M	O
术	M	O
开	M	O
发	M	O
区	E	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
开	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
龚	O	O
心	O	O
瀚	O	O
、	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
李	O	O
志	O	O
坚	O	O
为	O	O
维	O	O
宝	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
揭	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
署	O	O
署	O	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
友	O	O
先	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
质	O	O
高	O	O
价	O	O
廉	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
正	O	O
版	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
，	O	O
抵	O	O
制	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
的	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
宿	O	O
堂	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
雷	O	O
鸣	O	O
）	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
（	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
（	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
州	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
不	O	O
设	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
辖	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
县	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
（	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
镇	O	O
）	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
是	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
法	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
到	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
创	O	O
办	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
歌	O	O
颂	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
远	O	O
见	O	O
卓	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O
黄	O	O
公	O	O
略	O	O
铜	O	O
像	O	O
耸	O	O
立	O	O
于	O	O
湘	B	B
乡	M	M
市	E	E
城	O	O
区	O	O
碧	B	B
洲	M	M
公	M	M
园	E	E
内	O	O
，	O	O
铜	O	O
像	O	O
座	O	O
高	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
高	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
电	O	O
由	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
政	O	O
治	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
爱	O	O
德	O	O
华	O	O
・	O	O
劳	O	O
森	O	O
编	O	O
纂	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
百	O	O
科	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
书	O	O
由	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
数	O	O
十	O	O
位	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
翻	O	O
译	O	O
而	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
人	O	O
权	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
朱	O	O
穆	O	O
之	O	O
和	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
助	O	O
理	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
伊	O	O
・	O	O
福	O	O
阿	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
译	O	O
本	O	O
作	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
景	B	B
德	M	M
镇	E	E
瓷	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
冯	O	O
学	O	O
敏	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
》	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
《	O	O
绍	O	O
兴	O	O
酒	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
长	O	O
白	O	O
参	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
》	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
力	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
金	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
路	O	O
清	B	O
丰	E	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
报	O	O
发	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
读	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
在	O	O
用	O	O
活	O	O
阅	O	O
报	O	O
栏	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
报	O	O
用	O	O
报	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
用	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
读	O	O
报	O	O
用	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
读	O	O
报	O	O
用	O	O
报	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
户	O	O
脱	O	O
颖	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
高	B	B
堡	M	M
乡	E	E
凡	B	B
堡	M	M
村	E	E
紧	O	O
邻	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
６	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
不	O	O
灵	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
白	O	O
铁	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
白	O	O
铁	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
月	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
额	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
白	O	O
铁	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
高	B	B
堡	M	M
乡	E	E
后	O	B
王	B	M
家	M	M
村	E	E
的	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
王	O	O
爱	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
从	O	O
阅	O	O
报	O	O
栏	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
农	O	O
民	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
后	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
仅	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
天	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
就	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
５	O	O
亩	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
将	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
头	O	O
小	O	O
猪	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
就	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
出	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
柳	B	B
格	M	M
乡	E	E
刘	B	B
庄	M	M
村	E	E
党	O	O
员	O	O
刘	O	O
增	O	O
方	O	O
从	O	O
《	O	O
河	B	B
南	E	E
科	O	O
技	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
养	O	O
狐	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
养	O	O
狐	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
养	O	O
狐	O	O
已	O	O
获	O	O
利	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
后	O	O
逢	O	O
人	O	O
便	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
报	O	O
中	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
屋	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
中	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
兴	O	O
贵	O	O
这	O	O
所	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
同	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
不	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
即	O	O
可	O	O
；	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
学	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
学	O	O
；	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
因	O	O
故	O	O
中	O	O
断	O	O
学	O	O
业	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
紧	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
以	O	O
让	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
学	O	O
到	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
本	O	O
领	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
从	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
终	O	O
究	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
所	O	O
处	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
好	O	O
用	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
一	O	O
杆	O	O
秤	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
开	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
天	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
开	O	O
３	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
无	O	O
土	O	O
栽	O	O
培	O	O
、	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
保	O	O
鲜	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
离	O	O
土	O	O
后	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
半	O	O
月	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
教	O	O
育	O	O
展	O	O
送	O	O
来	O	O
他	O	O
山	O	O
石	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
董	O	O
洪	O	O
亮	O	O
文	O	O
陶	O	O
源	O	O
明	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
吴	O	O
孟	O	O
超	O	O
肝	O	O
胆	O	O
外	O	O
科	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
军	O	O
医	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
肝	O	O
胆	O	O
外	O	O
科	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
孟	O	O
超	O	O
捐	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
所	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
军	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
在	O	O
肝	O	O
胆	O	O
外	O	O
科	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
肝	O	O
癌	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
病	O	O
机	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
肝	O	O
癌	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
和	O	O
免	O	O
疫	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
等	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
性	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
邢	O	O
燕	O	O
翔	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
含	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
区	O	O
划	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
）	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
九	O	O
年	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
扫	O	O
除	O	O
青	O	O
壮	O	O
年	O	O
文	O	O
盲	O	O
（	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
简	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
基	O	O
”	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
数	O	O
约	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
联	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
富	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
云	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
『	O	O
六	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
』	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
“	O	O
六	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
”	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
从	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
中	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
布	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
已	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
州	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
杨	O	O
云	O	O
）	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
架	O	O
桥	O	O
铺	O	O
路	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
污	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
废	O	O
气	O	O
、	O	O
废	O	O
渣	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
之	O	O
花	O	O
遍	O	O
开	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
明	O	O
英	O	O
保	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
《	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
文	O	O
库	O	O
》	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
吉	O	O
林	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
种	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
孟	O	O
宪	O	O
励	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
迪	O	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
业	O	O
余	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
舞	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	E
朝	M	B
阳	M	M
体	M	M
育	M	M
馆	E	E
落	O	O
下	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
群	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
秦	B	B
皇	M	M
岛	M	M
野	M	M
生	M	M
动	M	M
物	M	M
园	E	E
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
剑	O	O
羚	O	O
羚	O	O
角	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
园	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
为	O	O
剑	O	O
羚	O	O
角	O	O
套	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
套	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
周	O	O
文	O	O
广	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
与	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
完	O	O
全	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
阿	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
所	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
应	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
阿	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
以	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
阿	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
阿	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
阿	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
阿	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
阿	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
赞	O	O
同	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
对	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
所	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
都	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
就	O	O
亚	O	O
太	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
和	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
和	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
、	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
情	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
项	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
挪	B	B
威	E	E
对	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
悲	O	O
观	O	O
穆	O	O
萨	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
现	O	O
在	O	O
所	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
不	O	O
归	O	O
还	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
被	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
土	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
马	B	O
德	M	O
里	E	O
和	O	O
会	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
唾	O	O
弃	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
中	B	B
东	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
要	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
共	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
必	O	O
须	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
其	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
及	O	O
早	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
被	O	O
以	O	O
色	O	O
列	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
顽	O	O
固	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
所	O	O
摧	O	O
毁	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
仍	O	O
无	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
各	O	O
党	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
要	O	O
员	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
“	O	O
含	O	O
糊	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
捉	O	O
摸	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
称	O	O
以	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
先	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
出	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
和	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
供	O	O
他	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
赴	O	O
美	O	O
同	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
之	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
数	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
视	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
再	O	O
作	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
应	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
以	O	O
军	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
从	O	O
西	O	O
岸	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
家	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
迟	O	O
迟	O	O
拿	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
莫	O	O
迪	O	O
凯	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
按	O	O
希	B	O
伯	M	O
伦	E	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
从	O	O
约	B	B
旦	M	M
河	E	E
西	O	O
岸	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
库	O	O
德	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
均	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
右	O	O
翼	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
尤	O	O
为	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
擅	O	O
自	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
留	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
赶	O	O
下	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
阿	O	O
卜	O	O
杜	O	O
拉	O	O
季	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
率	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
对	O	O
车	B	B
臣	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
车	B	B
臣	E	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
车	B	B
臣	E	E
社	O	O
会	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
谢	O	O
里	O	O
夫	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
已	O	O
责	O	O
成	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
向	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
空	O	O
运	O	O
援	O	O
救	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
教	O	O
教	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
囚	O	O
犯	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
在	O	O
向	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
党	O	O
等	O	O
新	O	O
教	O	O
教	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
施	O	O
加	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
抵	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
英	O	O
爱	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
对	O	O
爱	B	B
尔	M	M
兰	E	E
共	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
新	O	O
芬	O	O
党	O	O
让	O	O
步	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
都	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
方	O	O
能	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
与	O	O
否	O	O
亦	O	O
可	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
举	O	O
足	O	O
轻	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
社	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
西	O	O
部	O	O
博	B	O
德	M	B
鲁	M	M
姆	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
被	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
偷	O	O
渡	O	O
到	O	O
希	B	B
腊	E	E
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
再	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
申	O	O
请	O	O
避	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
对	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
持	O	O
保	O	O
留	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
同	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
库	B	B
尔	M	M
德	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
晋	O	O
标	O	O
失	O	O
主	O	O
对	O	O
德	O	O
桑	O	O
蒂	O	O
斯	O	O
感	O	O
激	O	O
不	O	O
尽	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
将	O	O
那	O	O
笔	O	O
巨	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
礼	O	O
物	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
德	O	O
桑	O	O
蒂	O	O
斯	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
罗	B	B
马	E	E
电	O	O
）	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
布	B	B
鲁	M	M
塞	M	M
尔	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
马	B	O
格	M	O
里	M	O
布	E	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
议	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
由	O	O
卢	B	B
森	M	M
堡	E	E
、	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
这	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
前	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
任	O	O
轮	O	O
值	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
官	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
是	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
―	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
对	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
阿	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
还	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
阿	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
塔	O	O
利	O	O
班	O	O
欲	O	O
借	O	O
重	O	O
伊	B	O
斯	M	O
兰	E	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
塔	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
晋	O	O
标	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陪	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
去	O	O
逛	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
近	O	O
郊	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
角	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
商	O	O
城	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
停	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
颜	O	O
六	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
者	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
耐	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
兜	O	O
圈	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
“	O	O
见	O	O
缝	O	O
插	O	O
针	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
车	O	O
来	O	O
车	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
却	O	O
井	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
加	O	O
塞	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
足	O	O
足	O	O
转	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
总	O	O
算	O	O
等	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
空	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
系	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
翻	O	O
译	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
马	B	B
尼	M	M
拉	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
拉	O	O
莫	O	O
斯	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
东	B	B
盟	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
给	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
旅	O	O
游	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
熊	O	O
牛	O	O
争	O	O
但	O	O
华	B	O
尔	M	O
街	E	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
仍	O	O
对	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
波	B	O
士	M	O
顿	E	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
首	O	O
席	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
策	O	O
略	O	O
师	O	O
凯	O	O
利	O	O
斯	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
牛	O	O
市	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
已	O	O
老	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
致	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
路	O	O
透	O	O
社	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
位	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
证	O	O
券	O	O
策	O	O
略	O	O
师	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
道	O	O
―	O	O
琼	O	O
斯	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
值	O	O
可	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
升	O	O
幅	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
小	O	O
于	O	O
前	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
熊	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
波	B	B
恩	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
德	B	O
国	E	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
与	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
尔	O	O
根	O	O
・	O	O
吕	O	O
特	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
斯	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
已	O	O
经	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
跻	O	O
身	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
萨	O	O
克	O	O
森	O	O
州	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
这	O	O
番	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谷	O	O
利	O	O
源	O	O
）	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
些	O	O
天	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
将	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
向	O	O
外	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
会	O	O
放	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
坍	O	O
塌	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
债	O	O
权	O	O
约	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
债	O	O
权	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
―	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
误	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
在	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
又	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
升	O	O
温	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
于	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
赚	O	O
大	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
中	O	O
须	O	O
记	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
应	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
和	O	O
预	O	O
警	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
价	O	O
等	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
于	O	O
特	O	O
定	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
防	O	O
患	O	O
于	O	O
未	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
应	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
间	O	O
接	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
被	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
没	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
幅	O	O
油	O	O
画	O	O
是	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
２	O	O
０	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
初	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
埃	O	O
贡	O	O
・	O	O
席	O	O
勒	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
维	O	O
也	O	O
纳	O	O
利	O	O
奥	O	O
波	O	O
德	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
收	O	O
藏	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	M	E
纽	M	B
约	M	M
现	M	M
代	M	M
艺	M	M
术	M	M
博	M	M
物	M	M
馆	E	E
日	O	O
前	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
幅	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
借	O	O
去	O	O
展	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
罗	B	B
马	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
儒	O	O
庭	O	O
）	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
文	O	O
艺	O	O
复	O	O
兴	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
薄	O	O
伽	O	O
丘	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
著	O	O
《	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
谈	O	O
》	O	O
手	O	O
抄	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
幅	O	O
插	O	O
图	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
被	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
名	O	O
著	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
罗	B	B
马	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
儒	O	O
庭	O	O
）	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
“	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
”	O	O
威	B	B
尼	M	M
斯	E	E
风	O	O
光	O	O
秀	O	O
丽	O	O
，	O	O
游	O	O
人	O	O
如	O	O
织	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
却	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
而	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
迁	O	O
往	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谷	O	O
利	O	O
源	O	O
）	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
芝	B	B
加	M	M
哥	E	E
一	O	O
名	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
有	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
像	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
尔	O	O
顿	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
投	O	O
篮	O	O
之	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
不	O	O
觉	O	O
中	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
信	O	O
赖	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
像	O	O
耐	O	O
克	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
乔	O	O
丹	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
乔	O	O
丹	O	O
的	O	O
崇	O	O
拜	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
信	O	O
赖	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
和	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
忌	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
来	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
跳	O	O
跃	O	O
式	O	O
地	O	O
打	O	O
一	O	O
枪	O	O
换	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
丁	O	O
俊	O	O
杰	O	O
（	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
广	O	O
播	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
学	O	O
系	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
层	O	O
含	O	O
义	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
将	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
从	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
、	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
；	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
在	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
非	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
男	O	O
篮	O	O
甲	O	O
Ａ	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
波	O	O
澜	O	O
不	O	O
兴	O	O
本	O	O
轮	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
沈	O	O
阳	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
中	O	O
欣	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
联	O	O
航	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
∶	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
沈	O	O
飞	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
宏	O	O
远	O	O
队	O	O
客	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
∶	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
均	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
余	O	O
卓	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
义	O	O
霖	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
上	O	O
届	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
者	O	O
津	B	B
巴	M	M
布	M	M
韦	E	E
的	O	O
埃	O	O
文	O	O
和	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
名	O	O
将	O	O
杜	O	O
马	O	O
斯	O	O
、	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
霍	O	O
尔	O	O
格	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
给	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
压	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
余	O	O
卓	O	O
成	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
大	O	O
将	O	O
风	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
沉	O	O
着	O	O
应	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
以	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
分	O	O
折	O	O
桂	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
围	O	O
棋	O	O
天	O	O
元	O	O
战	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
战	O	O
罢	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
周	O	O
鹤	O	O
洋	O	O
闯	O	O
入	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
扣	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
弦	O	O
的	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
明	O	O
日	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
战	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
正	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
备	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
佳	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
队	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
周	O	O
明	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
首	O	O
日	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
场	O	O
硬	O	O
仗	O	O
：	O	O
陈	O	O
妍	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
艳	O	O
艳	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
混	O	O
合	O	O
泳	O	O
、	O	O
单	O	O
莺	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
泳	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
启	O	O
亮	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
蛙	O	O
泳	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
队	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
能	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
门	O	O
见	O	O
红	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
日	B	B
内	M	M
瓦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
严	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
俄	B	O
罗	M	O
斯	E	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
特	O	O
级	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
卡	O	O
尔	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
瑞	B	B
士	E	E
洛	B	B
桑	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
加	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
盘	O	O
快	O	O
棋	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
印	B	O
度	E	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
特	O	O
级	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
阿	O	O
南	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
届	O	O
省	O	O
港	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
回	O	O
合	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	M
大	M	M
球	M	M
场	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
队	O	O
与	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
队	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
１	O	O
言	O	O
和	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
入	O	O
球	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
坦	O	O
皮	O	O
斯	O	O
特	O	O
于	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
朝	O	O
阳	O	O
于	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
时	O	O
攻	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
队	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
经	O	O
悉	B	O
尼	E	O
转	O	O
机	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
悉	O	B
尼	O	M
机	O	M
场	O	E
海	O	O
关	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
例	O	O
行	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
原	O	O
媛	O	O
所	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
李	O	O
中	O	O
查	O	O
出	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
入	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
经	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
是	O	O
违	O	O
禁	O	O
药	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
周	O	O
哲	O	O
文	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
是	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
托	O	O
他	O	O
和	O	O
原	O	O
媛	O	O
带	O	O
给	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
一	O	O
位	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
临	O	O
行	O	O
前	O	O
他	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
原	O	O
媛	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
李	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
升	O	O
班	O	O
马	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
不	O	O
减	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
回	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
往	O	O
返	O	O
３	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
计	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
次	O	O
之	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
次	O	O
往	O	O
返	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
坐	O	O
过	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
马	O	O
识	O	O
途	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
安	O	O
安	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
动	O	O
画	O	O
片	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
起	O	O
飞	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
屏	O	O
幕	O	O
上	O	O
向	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
须	O	O
知	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
“	O	O
安	O	O
安	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
”	O	O
装	O	O
腔	O	O
作	O	O
势	O	O
挤	O	O
眉	O	O
弄	O	O
眼	O	O
嗲	O	O
声	O	O
嗲	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
浑	O	O
身	O	O
肉	O	O
麻	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
大	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
循	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
惯	O	O
例	O	O
由	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
身	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
弄	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
阴	O	O
阳	O	O
怪	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
画	O	O
怪	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
呢	O	O
！	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
我	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
对	O	O
你	O	O
说	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
最	O	O
令	O	O
我	O	O
痛	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
之	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
５	O	O
时	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
乘	O	O
车	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
经	B	O
五	M	O
路	E	O
的	O	O
常	B	O
青	M	O
宾	M	O
馆	E	O
。	O	O
车	O	O
已	O	O
停	O	O
稳	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
骑	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
歪	O	O
歪	O	O
扭	O	O
扭	O	O
朝	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
撞	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
身	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
歪	O	O
趴	O	O
在	O	O
后	O	O
盖	O	O
板	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
脸	O	O
的	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
声	O	O
哀	O	O
嚎	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
疼	O	O
死	O	O
我	O	O
哟	O	O
，	O	O
疼	O	O
死	O	O
我	O	O
哟	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
拍	O	O
着	O	O
车	O	O
顶	O	O
冲	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
怒	O	O
吼	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
把	O	O
人	O	O
撞	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
得	O	O
清	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
楚	O	O
，	O	O
压	O	O
根	O	O
儿	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
撞	O	O
着	O	O
他	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
少	O	O
废	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
要	O	O
等	O	O
做	O	O
完	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｘ	O	O
光	O	O
后	O	O
才	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
嫌	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
块	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
到	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
讨	O	O
价	O	O
还	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
商	O	O
定	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
块	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
把	O	O
钱	O	O
又	O	O
点	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
遍	O	O
，	O	O
骑	O	O
车	O	O
扬	O	O
长	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
出	O	O
差	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
物	B	B
华	M	M
宾	M	M
馆	E	E
“	O	O
打	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
郑	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
价	O	O
器	O	O
上	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
钞	O	O
票	O	O
递	O	O
给	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
磨	O	O
蹭	O	O
了	O	O
半	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
塞	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
毛	O	O
票	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
找	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
够	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
没	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
话	O	O
没	O	O
说	O	O
完	O	O
，	O	O
车	O	O
“	O	O
嗖	O	O
”	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
办	O	O
完	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
原	O	O
路	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
物	B	O
华	M	O
宾	M	O
馆	E	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
计	O	O
价	O	O
器	O	O
上	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
程	O	O
价	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
高	O	O
？	O	O
你	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
绕	O	O
道	O	O
了	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
段	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
点	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
只	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
过	O	O
白	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
期	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
过	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
儿	O	O
就	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
规	O	O
矩	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
给	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
掏	O	O
钱	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
去	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
被	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
狠	O	O
宰	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
刀	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
他	O	O
找	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
面	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
钞	O	O
票	O	O
全	O	O
加	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
元	O	O
７	O	O
角	O	O
！	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
凑	O	O
够	O	O
钱	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
从	O	O
车	O	O
窗	O	O
里	O	O
撂	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
抠	O	O
抠	O	O
搜	O	O
搜	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
钱	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
坐	O	O
车	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
性	O	O
注	O	O
射	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
植	O	O
入	O	O
体	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
钢	O	O
针	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
本	O	O
该	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
器	O	O
械	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
未	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
新	O	O
卫	O	O
塑	O	O
料	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
墙	O	O
皮	O	O
掉	O	O
落	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
房	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
正	O	O
麻	O	O
利	O	O
地	O	O
组	O	O
装	O	O
导	O	O
尿	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O
室	O	O
外	O	O
即	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
石	O	O
砂	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
码	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
窗	O	O
户	O	O
大	O	O
敞	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
尘	O	O
飞	O	O
舞	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
问	O	O
及	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
导	O	O
尿	O	O
管	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
消	O	O
毒	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
厂	O	O
前	O	O
要	O	O
拿	O	O
开	O	O
水	O	O
烫	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
遍	O	O
呢	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
该	O	O
厂	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
坦	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
都	O	O
未	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
往	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
５	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
当	O	O
场	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
查	O	O
封	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
器	O	O
械	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
明	O	O
文	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
器	O	O
械	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
须	O	O
经	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
备	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
缜	O	O
密	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
准	O	O
入	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
项	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
项	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
证	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
鱼	O	O
目	O	O
混	O	O
珠	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
手	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
极	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
例	O	O
：	O	O
落	O	O
户	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
台	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
的	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
台	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
应	O	O
报	O	O
废	O	O
的	O	O
约	O	O
为	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
二	O	O
手	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
隐	O	O
形	O	O
炸	O	O
弹	O	O
”	O	O
！	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
呼	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
不	O	O
温	O	O
不	O	O
火	O	O
地	O	O
稳	O	O
步	O	O
前	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
无	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
亮	O	O
点	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
冲	O	O
刺	O	O
蓄	O	O
积	O	O
冲	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
昭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
因	O	O
地	O	O
制	O	O
宜	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
已	O	O
归	O	O
集	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
公	O	O
积	O	O
金	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
公	O	O
积	O	O
金	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
中	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
由	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
性	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
延	O	O
续	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
市	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
旧	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
也	O	O
大	O	O
抵	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
旧	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
存	O	O
量	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
：	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
化	O	O
（	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
：	O	O
徐	O	O
烨	O	O
谢	O	O
奇	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
城	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
自	O	O
费	O	O
买	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
核	O	O
算	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
周	O	O
浩	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
日	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
周	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
版	O	O
头	O	O
条	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
都	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
头	O	O
条	O	O
题	O	O
目	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
出	O	O
主	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
来	O	O
稿	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
您	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
或	O	O
参	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
岂	O	O
不	O	O
快	O	O
哉	O	O
。	O	O
斩	O	O
断	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
黑	O	O
手	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
家	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
就	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
起	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
被	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
４	O	O
位	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
股	O	O
“	O	O
常	O	O
林	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
股	O	O
“	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
长	O	O
虹	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
股	O	O
“	O	O
浙	B	O
江	E	O
中	O	O
汇	O	O
”	O	O
及	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
太	B	B
原	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
和	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
３	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
家	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
抛	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
找	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
仅	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
证	O	O
券	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
沪	O	O
市	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
托	O	O
管	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
通	O	O
买	O	O
通	O	O
卖	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
被	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
“	O	O
指	O	O
定	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
是	O	O
异	O	O
地	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
、	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
者	O	O
开	O	O
户	O	O
时	O	O
所	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
证	O	O
与	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
卡	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
伪	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
；	O	O
五	O	O
、	O	O
罪	O	O
犯	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
开	O	O
户	O	O
短	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
抛	O	O
售	O	O
，	O	O
旋	O	O
即	O	O
提	O	O
款	O	O
逃	O	O
逸	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
号	O	O
码	O	O
及	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
泄	O	O
密	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
被	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
泄	O	O
密	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
保	O	O
密	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
不	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
偷	O	O
窥	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
券	O	O
商	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
交	O	O
所	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
情	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
传	O	O
输	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
即	O	O
已	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
保	O	O
密	O	O
，	O	O
柜	O	O
台	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
逐	O	O
笔	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
号	O	O
码	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
券	O	O
商	O	O
在	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
上	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
赫	O	O
然	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
号	O	O
码	O	O
及	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
将	O	O
交	O	O
割	O	O
单	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
柜	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
由	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
取	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
易	O	O
泄	O	O
密	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
宣	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
案	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
券	O	O
商	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
将	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
及	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
代	O	O
码	O	O
用	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
张	O	O
贴	O	O
在	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
泄	O	O
露	O	O
而	O	O
被	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
判	O	O
定	O	O
“	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
过	O	O
错	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
拥	O	O
挤	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
密	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
泄	O	O
密	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
罪	O	O
犯	O	O
串	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
泄	O	O
露	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
盗	O	O
卖	O	O
等	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
证	O	O
交	O	O
所	O	O
曾	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
过	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
验	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
指	O	O
定	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
最	O	O
便	O	O
捷	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
琨	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
屠	O	O
光	O	O
绍	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
购	O	O
并	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
稳	O	O
妥	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
股	O	O
和	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
“	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
以	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
、	O	O
再	O	O
上	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
而	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
深	B	O
圳	E	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
便	O	O
捷	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
证	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
成	O	O
份	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
图	O	O
表	O	O
由	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
京	O	O
求	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
西	O	O
周	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
贷	O	O
取	O	O
息	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
。	O	O
放	O	O
贷	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
出	O	O
让	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
权	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
多	O	O
么	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
到	O	O
期	O	O
前	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
贷	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
贷	O	O
人	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
报	O	O
酬	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
又	O	O
称	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
挂	O	O
牌	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
现	O	O
行	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
剔	O	O
除	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
减	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
与	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
期	O	O
储	O	O
蓄	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
（	O	O
见	O	O
表	O	O
３	O	O
―	O	O
２	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
期	O	O
储	O	O
蓄	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
负	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
香	O	B
港	O	E
人	O	O
寿	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
印	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
证	O	O
上	O	O
印	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
项	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
守	O	O
则	O	O
：	O	O
沪	O	O
市	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
前	O	O
五	O	O
名	O	O
（	O	O
％	O	O
）	O	O
４	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
春	O	O
兰	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
特	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
氯	O	O
碱	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
云	O	O
南	O	O
白	O	O
药	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
深	O	O
华	O	O
发	O	O
Ａ	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
工	O	O
行	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
上	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
『	O	O
打	O	O
』	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
打	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
识	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
“	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
：	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
路	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
良	O	O
莠	O	O
不	O	O
齐	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
最	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
奉	O	O
公	O	O
守	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
不	O	O
法	O	O
港	O	O
商	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
福	O	B
建	O	E
宗	O	B
州	O	E
太	O	B
平	O	M
洋	O	E
镭	O	O
射	O	O
标	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
诱	O	O
惑	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
仿	O	O
制	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
总	O	O
署	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
报	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
上	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
全	O	O
息	O	O
模	O	O
压	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
标	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
即	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
及	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
化	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
传	O	O
卿	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
局	O	O
已	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
对	O	O
伪	O	O
钞	O	O
鉴	O	O
别	O	O
仪	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
证	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
性	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
将	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
梦	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
你	O	O
对	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
轻	O	O
易	O	O
作	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
扰	O	O
民	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
防	O	O
盗	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
器	O	O
的	O	O
扰	O	O
民	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
压	O	O
电	O	O
晶	O	O
体	O	O
元	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
振	O	O
动	O	O
传	O	O
感	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
易	O	O
受	O	O
外	O	O
界	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
灵	O	O
敏	O	O
度	O	O
调	O	O
得	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
时	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
行	O	O
家	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
形	O	O
因	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
所	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
充	O	O
当	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
骄	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
形	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
本	O	O
土	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
踏	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
并	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
约	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
未	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
才	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
去	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
土	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
理	O	O
念	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
一	O	O
斑	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
局	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
与	O	O
警	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
对	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
防	O	O
盗	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
器	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
共	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
种	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
抽	O	O
样	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
广	O	O
电	O	O
凯	O	O
歌	O	O
雷	O	O
达	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
厂	O	O
“	O	O
凯	O	O
歌	O	O
”	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
Ｊ	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
－	O	O
２	O	O
型	O	O
反	O	O
劫	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
防	O	O
盗	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
器	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
所	O	O
波	O	O
剑	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
“	O	O
奥	O	O
马	O	O
”	O	O
Ｊ	O	O
Ｆ	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
－	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
型	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
防	O	O
盗	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
器	O	O
；	O	O
孟	O	O
凡	O	O
茂	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
以	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
钎	O	O
一	O	O
砖	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
世	O	O
人	O	O
南	B	B
京	M	M
路	M	E
地	M	O
铁	M	O
站	E	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
真	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
开	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
浮	O	O
华	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
遏	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O
韩	O	O
清	O	O
忠	O	O
罗	O	O
锡	O	O
亮	O	O
李	O	O
亚	O	O
南	O	O
而	O	O
东	O	O
滩	O	O
矿	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
均	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
是	O	O
晴	O	O
天	O	O
煤	O	O
尘	O	O
满	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
雨	O	O
天	O	O
满	O	O
地	O	O
流	O	O
黑	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
东	O	O
滩	O	O
矿	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
被	O	O
丛	O	O
丛	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
托	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
乳	O	O
白	O	O
色	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
楼	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
楼	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
面	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
用	O	O
花	O	O
砖	O	O
铺	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
齐	O	O
腰	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
冬	O	O
青	O	O
裹	O	O
住	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
块	O	O
碧	O	O
绿	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
，	O	O
路	O	O
两	O	O
旁	O	O
每	O	O
隔	O	O
３	O	O
米	O	O
栽	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
棵	O	O
樱	O	O
花	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
间	O	O
灯	O	O
光	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
画	O	O
栏	O	O
在	O	O
暮	O	O
色	O	O
中	O	O
闪	O	O
烁	O	O
着	O	O
七	O	O
色	O	O
光	O	O
彩	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
矿	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
李	O	O
炳	O	O
文	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
绿	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
矿	O	O
容	O	O
是	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
心	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
海	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
最	O	O
近	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
名	O	O
优	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
瓜	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
海	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
优	O	O
质	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
”	O	O
牌	O	O
向	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
品	O	O
尝	O	O
、	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
姜	O	O
恩	O	O
宇	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
秋	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
街	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
冰	O	O
糖	O	O
葫	O	O
芦	O	O
”	O	O
便	O	O
红	O	O
红	O	O
火	O	O
火	O	O
地	O	O
畅	O	O
销	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
商	O	O
贩	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
小	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
支	O	O
起	O	O
鼓	O	O
鼓	O	O
冒	O	O
泡	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
糖	O	O
锅	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
凛	O	O
冽	O	O
的	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
里	O	O
打	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
现	O	O
吃	O	O
现	O	O
做	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
旗	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
串	O	O
串	O	O
的	O	O
果	O	O
子	O	O
等	O	O
着	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
去	O	O
挑	O	O
去	O	O
做	O	O
。	O	O
锡	B	O
张	M	O
农	M	O
场	E	O
在	O	O
创	O	O
“	O	O
米	O	O
皇	O	O
”	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
选	O	O
用	O	O
甜	O	O
糯	O	O
醇	O	O
香	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
太	B	O
湖	E	O
香	O	O
粳	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
施	O	O
肥	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
肥	O	O
占	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
抽	O	O
穗	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
农	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
朝	O	O
“	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
省	O	O
本	O	O
溪	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
千	O	O
头	O	O
万	O	O
绪	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
抓	O	O
？	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
抓	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
干	O	O
群	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
刀	O	O
阔	O	O
斧	O	O
干	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
还	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
４	O	O
条	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
谁	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
谁	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
、	O	O
谁	O	O
出	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
谁	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
抓	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
抓	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
不	O	O
姑	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
高	O	O
显	O	O
洲	O	O
）	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
实	O	O
达	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
除	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
中	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
插	O	O
件	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
波	O	O
峰	O	O
焊	O	O
接	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
零	O	O
件	O	O
采	O	O
购	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
零	O	O
件	O	O
厂	O	O
商	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
的	O	O
采	O	O
购	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
达	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
又	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
专	O	O
利	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｒ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
音	O	O
色	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
圆	O	O
润	O	O
、	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
声	O	O
场	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
广	O	O
文	O	O
）	O	O
●	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
走	O	O
高	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
房	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
”	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
上	O	O
扬	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
等	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
所	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
持	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
房	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
／	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
略	O	O
有	O	O
回	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
及	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
等	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
会	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
走	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
、	O	O
空	O	O
置	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
等	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
波	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
可	O	O
望	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
是	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
超	O	O
前	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
拉	O	O
动	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
下	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
呈	O	O
稳	O	O
步	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
增	O	O
速	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
月	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
拉	O	O
动	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
：	O	O
●	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
证	O	O
后	O	O
即	O	O
可	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
所	O	O
购	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
在	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
证	O	O
（	O	O
或	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
证	O	O
）	O	O
后	O	O
即	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
处	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
在	O	O
职	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
所	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
在	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
上	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
在	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
上	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
）	O	O
暂	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
）	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
所	O	O
购	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
售	O	O
房	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
应	O	O
交	O	O
纳	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
长	B	O
宁	M	O
区	E	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
旧	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
找	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
买	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
旧	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
进	O	O
驻	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
旧	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
旧	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
价	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
旧	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
与	O	O
旧	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
旧	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
可	O	O
先	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
售	O	O
房	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
去	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
长	O	O
宁	O	O
置	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
纪	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
贷	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
商	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
让	O	O
利	O	O
来	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
分	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
商	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
价	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
也	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
贷	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
向	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
收	O	O
取	O	O
少	O	O
量	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
费	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
称	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
申	O	O
办	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
以	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
。	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
置	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
还	O	O
清	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
欠	O	O
款	O	O
及	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
物	O	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
对	O	O
欠	O	O
款	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
置	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
兼	O	O
营	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
经	O	O
纪	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
牵	O	O
线	O	O
搭	O	O
桥	O	O
。	O	O
侯	O	O
淅	O	O
珉	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
对	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
房	O	O
价	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
低	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
是	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
房	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
把	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
摊	O	O
派	O	O
和	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
从	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
中	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
租	O	O
金	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
元	O	O
／	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
租	O	O
金	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
占	O	O
双	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
低	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
由	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
或	O	O
买	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
给	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
中	O	O
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
的	O	O
租	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
（	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
所	O	O
讲	O	O
的	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
化	O	O
后	O	O
要	O	O
给	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
现	O	O
行	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
中	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
也	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
化	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
不	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
存	O	O
量	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
即	O	O
旧	O	O
公	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
使	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
化	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
稳	O	O
妥	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
出	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
化	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
走	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
切	O	O
断	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
分	O	O
房	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
（	O	O
如	O	O
上	O	O
所	O	O
述	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
者	O	O
除	O	O
外	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
要	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
到	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
于	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
在	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
在	O	O
走	O	O
老	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
；	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
买	O	O
房	O	O
或	O	O
租	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
变	O	O
相	O	O
成	O	O
涨	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
而	O	O
转	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
顺	B	B
德	M	M
市	E	E
佛	B	B
山	M	M
市	E	E
▲	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
六	O	O
月	O	O
起	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
性	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
取	O	O
代	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
。	O	O
凡	O	O
未	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
过	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
常	O	O
住	O	O
户	O	O
口	O	O
及	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
分	O	O
房	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
（	O	O
含	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
）	O	O
；	O	O
年	O	O
满	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
岁	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
工	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
未	O	O
婚	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
；	O	O
住	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
私	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
职	O	O
级	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
下	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
可	O	O
按	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
差	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
龄	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
两	O	O
项	O	O
合	O	O
计	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
六	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
限	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
要	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
款	O	O
额	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
加	O	O
具	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
办	O	O
核	O	O
准	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
将	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
款	O	O
划	O	O
给	O	O
售	O	O
房	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
用	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
员	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
是	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
二	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
为	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
跟	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
跟	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
协	O	O
同	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
顾	O	O
全	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
而	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
置	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
威	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O
闹	O	O
不	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
势	O	O
必	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
涣	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
内	O	O
耗	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
注	O	O
定	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
势	O	O
必	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
和	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
龚	O	O
永	O	O
泉	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
淮	B	B
北	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
已	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
。	O	O
省	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
县	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
饮	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
中	O	O
低	O	O
产	O	O
田	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
村	O	O
村	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
适	O	O
龄	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
率	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
致	O	O
力	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
式	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
造	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
用	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
有	O	O
偿	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
滚	O	O
动	O	O
周	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
已	O	O
把	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
办	O	O
成	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
长	B	O
江	M	O
三	M	O
峡	E	O
大	O	O
江	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
截	O	O
流	O	O
为	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
峡	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
已	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
江	O	O
截	O	O
流	O	O
前	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
；	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
搬	O	O
迁	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
输	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
将	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
繁	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
性	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
对	O	O
口	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
库	O	O
区	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
搬	O	O
迁	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
摆	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
好	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
搬	O	O
迁	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
补	O	O
偿	O	O
费	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
搬	O	O
得	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
稳	O	O
得	O	O
住	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
能	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
又	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
欣	O	O
欣	O	O
向	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
同	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
体	O	O
改	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
经	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
局	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
冠	O	O
生	O	O
园	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
是	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
并	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
、	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
、	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
让	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
心	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
善	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
来	O	O
办	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
选	O	O
拔	O	O
任	O	O
用	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
搞	O	O
活	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
迈	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
安	O	O
达	O	O
棉	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
厂	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
向	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
越	O	O
办	O	O
越	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
电	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	M	E
张	M	B
家	M	M
口	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
连	O	O
夜	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
组	O	O
火	O	O
速	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
震	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
集	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
驻	O	O
震	O	O
区	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
爱	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
向	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
！	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
程	O	O
红	O	O
根	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
河	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
郑	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
考	O	O
察	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
；	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
乐	O	O
教	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
尊	O	O
师	O	O
重	O	O
教	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
连	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
察	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
河	O	B
南	O	E
财	O	O
经	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
河	O	O
南	O	O
农	O	O
大	O	O
９	O	O
位	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
由	O	O
衷	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
河	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
、	O	O
郑	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
把	O	O
尊	O	O
师	O	O
重	O	O
教	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
仍	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
简	O	O
陋	O	O
、	O	O
拥	O	O
挤	O	O
的	O	O
筒	O	O
子	O	O
楼	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
想	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
要	O	O
将	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
建	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
与	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
要	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
筒	O	O
子	O	O
楼	O	O
、	O	O
筒	O	O
子	O	O
院	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
很	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
身	O	O
之	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
对	O	O
贝	O	O
克	O	O
特	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
后	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
英	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
党	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
年	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
也	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
同	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
英	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
贝	O	O
克	O	O
特	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
将	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
内	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
后	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
完	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
希	O	O
望	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
在	O	O
中	O	O
英	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
有	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
方	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
抗	O	O
灾	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
最	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
力	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
刚	O	O
一	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
前	O	O
线	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
星	O	O
夜	O	O
驰	O	O
援	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
晚	O	O
７	O	O
时	O	O
即	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
乘	O	O
坐	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
让	O	O
给	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
坐	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
穿	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
衣	O	O
脱	O	O
给	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
穿	O	O
。	O	O
衣	O	O
着	O	O
单	O	O
薄	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
黑	O	O
夜	O	O
里	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
余	O	O
震	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
救	O	O
人	O	O
救	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
视	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
如	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
，	O	O
视	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
为	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
鱼	O	O
水	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
已	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
件	O	O
军	O	O
大	O	O
衣	O	O
披	O	O
在	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
数	O	O
万	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
受	O	O
冻	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
头	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
震	O	O
区	O	O
牵	O	O
动	O	O
八	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
唐	O	O
山	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
从	O	O
市	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
拨	O	O
专	O	O
款	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
即	O	O
由	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
带	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
装	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
件	O	O
棉	O	O
衣	O	O
被	O	O
褥	O	O
和	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
吨	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
辆	O	O
大	O	O
卡	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
火	O	O
速	O	O
驶	O	O
往	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
抢	O	O
修	O	O
危	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
员	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
畏	O	O
难	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
把	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
尖	O	O
锐	O	O
地	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
分	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
重	O	O
和	O	O
富	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
多	O	O
等	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
已	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
回	O	O
避	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
人	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
等	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
繁	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
航	O	O
船	O	O
已	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
激	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
进	O	O
则	O	O
退	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
愈	O	O
是	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
愈	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
知	O	O
难	O	O
而	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	M	M
省	E	E
大	B	B
洼	M	M
县	E	E
认	O	O
真	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
征	O	O
购	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
查	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
跨	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
化	O	O
装	O	O
配	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
汇	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
汇	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
按	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
户	O	O
数	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
户	O	O
均	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
数	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
为	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
非	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
流	O	O
向	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
与	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
拖	O	O
拉	O	O
机	O	O
（	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
农	O	O
用	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
车	O	O
（	O	O
万	O	O
辆	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
政	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
以	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
改	O	O
一	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
材	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
致	O	O
信	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
建	O	O
材	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
好	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
“	O	O
脱	O	O
困	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
消	O	O
协	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
为	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
较	O	O
早	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
继	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
之	O	O
后	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
造	O	O
船	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
又	O	O
以	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
。	O	O
造	O	O
船	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
船	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
创	O	O
汇	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
完	O	O
工	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
船	O	O
吨	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
造	O	O
船	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
接	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
船	O	O
订	O	O
单	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
附	O	O
加	O	O
值	O	O
船	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
，	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
油	O	O
轮	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
多	O	O
用	O	O
途	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
大	O	O
湖	O	O
型	O	O
散	O	O
货	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
品	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
液	O	O
化	O	O
气	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
自	O	O
卸	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
吨	O	O
散	O	O
装	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
船	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
水	O	O
翼	O	O
船	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
５	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
―	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
型	O	O
船	O	O
用	O	O
柴	O	O
油	O	O
机	O	O
已	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
；	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
舰	O	O
船	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
洲	E	E
四	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
扬	O	O
了	O	O
军	O	O
威	O	O
，	O	O
壮	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
威	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
『	O	O
双	O	O
优	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
』	O	O
农	O	O
行	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
优	O	O
一	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
与	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
与	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
与	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
摆	O	O
上	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
民	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
等	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
优	O	O
一	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
组	O	O
长	O	O
或	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
优	O	O
一	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
”	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
优	O	O
一	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
走	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
前	O	O
列	O	O
。	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
驻	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
之	O	O
花	O	O
开	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
；	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
走	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
之	O	O
花	O	O
开	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
深	O	O
冬	O	O
，	O	O
风	O	O
紧	O	O
天	O	O
寒	O	O
。	O	O
嘉	B	B
峪	M	M
关	M	M
市	E	E
郊	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
某	O	O
团	O	O
营	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
却	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
：	O	O
千	O	O
余	O	O
台	O	O
农	O	O
用	O	O
拖	O	O
拉	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
来	O	O
回	O	O
穿	O	O
梭	O	O
于	O	O
营	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
数	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
嘉	B	B
峪	M	M
关	M	M
市	E	E
和	O	O
酒	O	O
钢	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
千	O	O
车	O	O
向	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
送	O	O
土	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
外	O	O
向	O	O
营	O	O
区	O	O
拉	O	O
土	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
连	O	O
队	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
亩	O	O
菜	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
拥	O	O
军	O	O
支	O	O
前	O	O
！	O	O
省	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
还	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
百	O	O
村	O	O
千	O	O
户	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
武	O	O
部	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
定	O	O
点	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
、	O	O
包	O	O
村	O	O
包	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
村	O	O
社	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
鹏	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
把	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
筑	O	O
到	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
去	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
田	O	O
永	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
名	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
中	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
同	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
结	O	O
婚	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
和	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
入	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
冬	O	O
的	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
寒	O	O
风	O	O
刺	O	O
骨	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
呼	O	O
作	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
风	O	O
中	O	O
偶	O	O
尔	O	O
还	O	O
夹	O	O
着	O	O
些	O	O
许	O	O
细	O	O
碎	O	O
的	O	O
雪	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
谊	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
春	O	O
意	O	O
融	O	O
融	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
欢	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
和	O	O
乐	O	O
曲	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
叙	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
悔	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
私	O	O
家	O	O
理	O	O
财	O	O
很	O	O
节	O	O
俭	O	O
、	O	O
很	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
百	O	O
来	O	O
块	O	O
钱	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
跟	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
商	O	O
量	O	O
商	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
上	O	O
街	O	O
买	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
转	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
几	O	O
角	O	O
或	O	O
几	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
理	O	O
公	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
却	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
很	O	O
潇	O	O
洒	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
擅	O	O
自	O	O
大	O	O
笔	O	O
一	O	O
挥	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
批	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
也	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
不	O	O
心	O	O
疼	O	O
。	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
最	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
犯	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
理	O	O
财	O	O
不	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
财	O	O
权	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
热	O	O
衷	O	O
于	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
连	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
纸	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
出	O	O
马	O	O
？	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
回	O	O
扣	O	O
可	O	O
拿	O	O
；	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
热	O	O
衷	O	O
于	O	O
挥	O	O
霍	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
吃	O	O
喝	O	O
玩	O	O
乐	O	O
？	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
花	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
报	O	O
销	O	O
；	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
挪	O	O
用	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
四	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
觉	O	O
？	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
不	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
经	O	O
手	O	O
、	O	O
谁	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
数	O	O
额	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
于	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
一	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
保	O	O
住	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
那	O	O
顶	O	O
“	O	O
乌	O	O
纱	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
还	O	O
敢	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
胆	O	O
大	O	O
妄	O	O
为	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
是	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
了	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
与	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
节	O	O
省	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
术	O	O
峰	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
标	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
延	B	B
庆	M	M
县	E	E
，	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
敬	O	O
老	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
户	O	O
及	O	O
五	O	O
保	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
厅	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
有	O	O
关	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
清	O	O
县	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
四	O	O
月	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
『	O	O
开	O	O
门	O	O
评	O	O
警	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
等	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
评	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
警	O	O
风	O	O
警	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
了	O	O
警	O	O
民	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
宇	O	O
鸿	O	O
梁	O	O
魁	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
俊	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
出	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
朝	B	O
阳	M	O
区	E	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
中	O	O
又	O	O
以	O	O
无	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
前	O	O
茅	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
上	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
用	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
总	O	O
揽	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
和	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
感	O	O
、	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
紧	O	O
迫	O	O
感	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
来	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
直	O	O
属	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
所	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
所	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
来	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
党	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
比	O	O
格	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
声	O	O
望	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
波	O	O
士	O	O
顿	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
四	O	O
大	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
库	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
经	O	O
贸	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
商	O	O
谈	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
希	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
不	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
争	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
对	O	O
希	O	O
腊	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
『	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
』	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
希	O	O
腊	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
中	O	O
希	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
卢	O	O
劲	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
钓	B	B
鱼	M	M
台	M	M
国	M	M
宾	M	M
馆	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
主	O	O
管	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
米	O	O
歇	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
德	O	O
梅	O	O
西	O	O
纳	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
到	O	O
那	B	B
曲	E	E
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
在	O	O
抵	O	B
拉	B	M
萨	E	M
听	O	M
取	O	M
自	O	M
治	O	M
区	O	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
那	B	B
曲	E	E
，	O	O
并	O	O
赴	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
最	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
聂	B	O
荣	E	O
和	O	O
安	B	O
多	E	O
两	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
察	O	O
看	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
沙	B	B
色	M	M
乡	E	E
７	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
志	O	O
刚	O	O
亲	O	O
手	O	O
为	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
棉	O	O
大	O	O
衣	O	O
。	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
棉	O	O
衣	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
老	O	O
阿	O	O
妈	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
得	O	O
直	O	O
流	O	O
泪	O	O
，	O	O
嘴	O	O
里	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
谢	O	O
谢	O	O
！	O	O
谢	O	O
谢	O	O
！	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
那	B	B
曲	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
张	O	O
丁	O	O
华	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
阳	O	O
安	O	O
江	O	O
等	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
矿	O	O
用	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
重	O	O
型	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
王	O	O
沛	O	O
津	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
是	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
能	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
丢	O	O
掉	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
以	O	O
身	O	O
作	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
同	O	O
甘	O	O
共	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
山	B	B
西	E	E
查	O	O
处	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
山	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
还	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
了	O	O
昔	B	B
阳	M	M
县	E	E
环	O	O
保	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
吃	O	O
遍	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
吃	O	O
掉	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
和	O	O
灵	O	B
石	O	M
县	O	E
交	O	O
警	O	O
队	O	O
借	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
楼	O	O
落	O	O
成	O	O
铺	O	O
张	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
搞	O	O
庆	O	O
典	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
受	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
礼	O	O
金	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
志	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
秀	O	O
娟	O	O
）	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
在	O	O
京	B	B
城	E	E
引	O	O
起	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
各	O	O
大	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
以	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
主	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
仪	O	O
和	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
贸	O	O
工	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
玛	O	O
格	O	O
丽	O	O
特	O	O
・	O	O
贝	O	O
克	O	O
特	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
贝	O	O
克	O	O
特	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
她	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
吴	O	O
仪	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
应	O	O
从	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
看	O	O
待	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
定	O	O
昶	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
朝	O	O
晖	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
沃	O	O
尔	O	O
沃	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
兼	O	O
首	O	O
席	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
官	O	O
雷	O	O
夫	O	O
・	O	O
约	O	O
翰	O	O
松	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
东	O	O
凯	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
前	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
威	O	O
廉	O	O
・	O	O
佩	O	O
里	O	O
为	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
高	O	O
级	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
宾	O	O
主	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
佩	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
联	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
戴	O	O
秉	O	O
国	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
傅	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
前	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
威	O	O
廉	O	O
・	O	O
佩	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
贾	O	O
西	O	O
平	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
乐	O	O
豪	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
银	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
从	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	E
交	O	O
通	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
院	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
龙	O	O
乐	O	O
豪	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
三	O	O
甲	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
顶	O	O
尖	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
：	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
双	O	O
向	O	O
摇	O	O
摆	O	O
伺	O	O
服	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
用	O	O
低	O	O
温	O	O
氢	O	O
气	O	O
做	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
尚	O	O
无	O	O
人	O	O
攻	O	O
克	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
算	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
上	O	O
？	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
三	O	O
甲	O	O
首	O	O
飞	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
西	B	B
昌	M	M
市	M	E
腾	M	B
云	M	M
楼	M	M
宾	M	M
馆	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
长	O	O
三	O	O
甲	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
吨	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
跃	O	O
居	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
科	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
举	O	O
起	O	O
酒	O	O
杯	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
长	O	O
三	O	O
甲	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
协	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
我	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
端	O	O
杯	O	O
美	O	O
酒	O	O
敬	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
墙	O	O
角	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
餐	O	O
桌	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
乐	O	O
豪	O	O
，	O	O
静	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
听	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
赞	O	O
誉	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
浮	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
铸	O	O
箭	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
组	O	O
镜	O	O
头	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
在	O	O
龙	O	O
乐	O	O
豪	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
。	O	O
用	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
龙	O	O
乐	O	O
豪	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
平	O	O
生	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
用	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
多	O	O
发	O	O
几	O	O
颗	O	O
外	O	O
星	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
清	O	O
扫	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
大	O	O
力	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
物	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
在	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
还	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
了	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
也	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
和	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
涿	O	B
州	O	M
市	O	E
劳	O	O
动	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
对	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
资	O	O
不	O	O
抵	O	O
债	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
涿	O	B
州	O	M
市	O	E
胶	O	O
合	O	O
板	O	O
厂	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
跨	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
。	O	O
河	O	B
北	O	M
省	O	E
涿	O	B
州	O	M
市	O	E
劳	O	O
动	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
、	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
部	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
型	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
规	O	O
全	O	O
日	O	O
制	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
尔	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
泽	O	O
鲁	O	O
阿	O	O
勒	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
。	O	O
泽	O	O
鲁	O	O
阿	O	O
勒	O	O
请	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
敬	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
一	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
对	O	O
乌	O	O
叶	O	O
海	O	O
亚	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
乌	O	O
叶	O	O
海	O	O
亚	O	O
也	O	O
请	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
敬	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
阿	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
不	O	O
遗	O	O
余	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
首	O	O
相	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
称	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
桑	O	O
特	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
雅	O	O
克	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
桑	O	O
特	O	O
则	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
托	O	O
尼	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
四	O	O
英	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
与	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
联	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
时	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
加	O	O
入	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
共	O	O
同	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	O
欧	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
还	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
亲	O	O
近	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
撒	O	O
切	O	O
尔	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
梅	O	O
杰	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
欧	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
岂	O	O
止	O	O
疏	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
局	O	O
外	O	O
人	O	O
用	O	O
以	O	O
形	O	O
容	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
字	O	O
眼	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
这	O	O
一	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
工	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
靠	O	O
拢	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
撒	O	O
切	O	O
尔	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
梅	O	O
杰	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
保	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
戒	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
向	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
出	O	O
让	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
政	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
禁	O	O
忌	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
对	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
开	O	O
始	O	O
热	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
如	O	O
何	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
融	O	O
入	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
的	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
性	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
保	O	O
留	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
不	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
灰	O	O
色	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
科	B	B
威	M	M
特	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
兰	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
沙	B	B
特	M	M
阿	M	M
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
的	O	O
吉	B	O
达	E	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
在	O	O
耶	B	B
路	M	M
撒	M	M
冷	E	E
附	O	O
近	O	O
和	O	O
被	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
土	O	O
上	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
犹	O	O
太	O	O
人	O	O
定	O	O
居	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
耶	B	B
路	M	M
撒	M	M
冷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
因	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
方	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
而	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
古	B	B
巴	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
由	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
选	O	O
区	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
记	O	O
名	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
各	O	O
选	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
区	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
区	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
将	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
聚	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
洋	O	O
彼	O	O
岸	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
旅	O	O
美	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
渔	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
牧	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
矿	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
营	O	O
房	O	O
和	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
奔	O	O
向	O	O
考	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
校	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
跨	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
聚	O	O
在	O	O
太	B	B
平	M	M
洋	E	E
的	O	O
彼	O	O
岸	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
大	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
；	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
展	O	O
露	O	O
才	O	O
华	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
发	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
在	O	O
重	O	O
温	O	O
往	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
还	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
泰	O	O
人	O	O
助	O	O
泰	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
民	O	O
众	O	O
捐	O	O
钱	O	O
给	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
“	O	O
泰	O	O
人	O	O
助	O	O
泰	O	O
”	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
众	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
已	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
铢	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
金	O	O
银	O	O
铢	O	O
璇	O	O
公	O	O
会	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
铢	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
川	O	O
・	O	O
立	O	O
派	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
泰	O	O
华	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
颜	O	O
雄	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
慷	O	O
慨	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
铢	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
难	O	O
当	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
匹	O	O
夫	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
求	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
求	O	O
己	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
将	O	O
积	O	O
攒	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
铢	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
泰	O	O
人	O	O
助	O	O
泰	O	O
”	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
也	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
泰	O	O
人	O	O
助	O	O
泰	O	O
”	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
旅	O	O
居	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
泰	O	O
人	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
旅	O	O
美	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
将	O	O
钱	O	O
汇	O	O
回	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
被	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
吓	O	O
倒	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
同	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
策	O	O
群	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
渡	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
川	O	O
・	O	O
立	O	O
派	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
和	O	O
亲	O	O
戚	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
救	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
救	O	O
穷	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
‘	O	O
泰	O	O
人	O	O
助	O	O
泰	O	O
’	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
川	O	O
・	O	O
立	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
现	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
将	O	O
秉	O	O
承	O	O
前	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
村	O	O
山	O	O
富	O	O
市	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
对	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
从	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
反	O	O
省	O	O
和	O	O
道	O	O
歉	O	O
的	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
日	O	O
英	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
英	O	O
日	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
应	O	O
放	O	O
眼	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
员	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
社	O	O
援	O	O
引	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
斯	O	O
科	O	O
特	O	O
・	O	O
里	O	O
特	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
由	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
和	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
开	B	B
罗	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
亚	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
侯	O	O
嘉	O	O
）	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
帮	O	O
助	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
儿	O	O
童	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
致	O	O
信	O	O
阿	O	B
拉	O	M
伯	O	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
（	O	O
阿	O	O
盟	O	O
）	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
马	O	O
吉	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
阿	O	O
盟	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
它	O	O
向	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
在	O	O
开	O	O
斋	O	O
节	O	O
向	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
儿	O	O
童	O	O
空	O	O
运	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
果	O	O
永	O	O
毅	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
芳	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
《	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
隆	O	O
重	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
程	O	O
来	O	O
法	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
副	O	O
社	O	O
长	O	O
许	O	O
中	O	O
田	O	O
在	O	O
致	O	O
辞	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
；	O	O
为	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
侨	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
赞	O	O
誉	O	O
与	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
还	O	O
为	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
地	O	O
区	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
中	O	O
法	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
与	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
真	O	O
诚	O	O
地	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
《	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
越	O	O
办	O	O
越	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
旅	O	O
欧	O	O
侨	O	O
胞	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
中	O	O
田	O	O
副	O	O
社	O	O
长	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
对	O	O
《	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
版	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
地	O	O
区	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
版	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
为	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
▲	O	O
斯	B	B
里	M	M
兰	M	M
卡	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
钱	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
卡	O	O
・	O	O
库	O	O
马	O	O
拉	O	O
通	O	O
加	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
科	B	B
伦	M	M
坡	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
化	O	O
工	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
顾	O	O
秀	O	O
莲	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
时	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
斯	O	O
中	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
斯	B	B
里	M	M
兰	M	M
卡	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
西	O	O
丽	O	O
玛	O	O
沃	O	O
・	O	O
班	O	O
达	O	O
拉	O	O
奈	O	O
克	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
科	B	B
伦	M	M
坡	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
顾	O	O
秀	O	O
莲	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
巴	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
负	O	O
责	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
贾	O	O
塔	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
纳	O	O
诺	O	O
已	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
由	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
反	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
拉	O	O
米	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
有	O	O
内	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
采	O	O
卡	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
情	O	O
报	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
：	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
反	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
和	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
传	O	O
真	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
坚	O	O
决	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
在	O	O
演	O	O
说	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
起	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
减	O	O
税	O	O
；	O	O
追	O	O
加	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
雅	B	B
加	M	M
达	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
度	O	O
尼	O	O
西	O	O
亚	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
缓	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
期	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
币	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
铢	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
铢	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
泰	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
受	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
贝	B	B
尔	M	M
格	M	M
莱	M	M
德	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赵	O	O
金	O	O
河	O	O
）	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
南	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
第	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
南	O	O
斯	O	O
拉	O	O
夫	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
所	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
南	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
同	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
马	O	O
克	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
第	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
兑	O	O
换	O	O
１	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
马	O	O
克	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
南	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
承	O	O
受	O	O
着	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
在	O	O
黑	O	O
市	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
逆	O	O
差	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
翟	O	O
景	O	O
升	O	O
）	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
能	O	O
源	O	O
部	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
情	O	O
报	O	O
署	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
对	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
量	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
小	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
石	O	O
油	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
日	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
将	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
煤	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
西	O	B
非	O	E
开	O	O
发	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
洛	B	B
美	M	M
市	E	E
落	O	O
户	O	O
较	O	O
早	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
性	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
多	B	O
哥	E	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
庄	O	O
维	O	O
汉	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
已	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
纽	B	O
约	M	B
州	E	E
宣	O	O
布	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
无	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
食	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
暖	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
波	B	B
恩	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
胡	O	O
旭	O	O
东	O	O
）	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
晴	O	O
朗	O	O
，	O	O
骄	O	O
阳	O	O
播	O	O
暖	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
蕾	O	O
初	O	O
绽	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
漫	O	O
步	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
滩	O	O
、	O	O
河	O	O
滨	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
情	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
周	O	O
末	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
的	O	O
闲	O	O
暇	O	O
，	O	O
露	O	O
天	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
馆	O	O
和	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
也	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
野	O	O
村	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
弊	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
于	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
末	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
黑	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
一	O	O
向	O	O
有	O	O
向	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
界	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
少	O	O
量	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
来	O	O
涉	O	O
足	O	O
其	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
“	O	O
黑	O	O
金	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
法	O	O
明	O	O
文	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
屋	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
团	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
黑	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
划	O	O
拨	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
野	O	O
村	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
将	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
到	O	O
特	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
作	O	O
弊	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
被	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
野	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
双	O	O
双	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
分	O	O
支	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
被	O	O
勒	O	O
令	O	O
暂	O	O
停	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
经	O	O
纪	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
４	O	O
周	O	O
，	O	O
暂	O	O
停	O	O
自	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
６	O	O
周	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
龙	O	O
太	O	O
郎	O	O
曾	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
引	O	O
咎	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
层	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
汲	O	O
取	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
变	O	O
本	O	O
加	O	O
厉	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
“	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
屋	O	O
”	O	O
头	O	O
目	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
了	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
至	O	O
尊	O	O
户	O	O
头	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
户	O	O
头	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
关	O	O
照	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
野	O	O
村	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
将	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
算	O	O
作	O	O
“	O	O
至	O	O
尊	O	O
户	O	O
头	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
顺	O	O
理	O	O
成	O	O
章	O	O
地	O	O
将	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
该	O	O
户	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
若	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
算	O	O
作	O	O
野	O	O
村	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
营	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
向	O	O
该	O	O
户	O	O
头	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
关	O	O
照	O	O
”	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
在	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
舞	O	O
弊	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
被	O	O
野	O	O
村	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
掩	O	O
盖	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
被	O	O
其	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
告	O	O
发	O	O
并	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
证	O	O
券	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
被	O	O
匆	O	O
忙	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
买	O	O
者	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
、	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
在	O	O
年	O	O
终	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
骚	O	O
乱	O	O
和	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
层	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
应	O	O
运	O	O
而	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
屋	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
暴	O	O
力	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
黑	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
锋	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
视	O	O
盘	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
重	O	O
写	O	O
、	O	O
只	O	O
可	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
写	O	O
、	O	O
可	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
重	O	O
写	O	O
三	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
栏	O	O
均	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
『	O	O
哈	O	O
勃	O	O
』	O	O
望	O	O
远	O	O
镜	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
到	O	O
木	O	O
星	O	O
极	O	O
光	O	O
碧	O	O
波	O	O
扬	O	O
威	O	O
小	O	O
陈	O	O
妍	O	O
握	O	O
定	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
零	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
曾	O	O
启	O	O
亮	O	O
勇	O	O
夺	O	O
一	O	O
银	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
蛙	O	O
泳	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
曾	O	O
启	O	O
亮	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
性	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
分	O	O
１	O	O
秒	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
亚	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
奖	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
男	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
从	O	O
未	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
过	O	O
前	O	O
八	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
亚	B	O
特	M	O
兰	M	O
大	E	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
比	B	B
利	M	M
时	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
德	O	O
博	O	O
格	O	O
拉	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
仅	O	O
比	O	O
曾	O	O
启	O	O
亮	O	O
快	O	O
了	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
秒	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
跳	O	O
台	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
蔡	O	O
玉	O	O
燕	O	O
和	O	O
陈	O	O
莉	O	O
虽	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
故	O	O
意	O	O
压	O	O
分	O	O
而	O	O
痛	O	O
失	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
屈	O	O
居	O	O
亚	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
观	O	O
赛	O	O
小	O	O
记	O	O
池	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
蛙	O	O
泳	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
亚	B	O
特	M	O
兰	M	O
大	E	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
比	B	B
利	M	M
时	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
心	O	O
有	O	O
余	O	O
悸	O	O
地	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
差	O	O
点	O	O
儿	O	O
就	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
黄	O	O
皮	O	O
肤	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
；	O	O
看	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
呼	O	O
。	O	O
花	O	O
样	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
等	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
强	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
支	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
使	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
们	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
不	O	O
虚	O	O
此	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
趋	O	O
于	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
动	O	O
态	O	O
美	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
队	O	O
都	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
动	O	O
态	O	O
平	O	O
面	O	O
图	O	O
形	O	O
和	O	O
动	O	O
态	O	O
立	O	O
体	O	O
图	O	O
形	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
后	O	O
空	O	O
翻	O	O
等	O	O
高	O	O
难	O	O
腾	O	O
跃	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
耳	O	O
目	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
汪	O	O
大	O	O
昭	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
像	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
请	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
议	O	O
商	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
体	O	O
育	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
蓝	O	O
图	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
总	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
稳	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
在	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
的	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
和	O	O
奖	O	O
牌	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
位	O	O
居	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
前	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
与	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
；	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
后	O	O
备	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
；	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
；	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
在	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
；	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
；	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
办	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
办	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
；	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
石	O	O
牌	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
道	O	O
受	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
洋	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
助	O	O
阵	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
冬	O	O
训	O	O
联	O	O
谊	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
高	O	O
克	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
傅	O	O
天	O	O
祝	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
转	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
昌	O	O
爱	O	O
胡	O	O
跃	O	O
平	O	O
任	O	O
维	O	O
东	O	O
南	B	B
宁	E	E
是	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
的	O	O
省	O	O
会	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
线	O	O
穿	O	O
城	O	O
而	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
至	O	O
防	B	B
城	E	E
、	O	O
钦	B	B
州	M	M
港	E	E
，	O	O
相	O	O
距	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
要	O	O
跑	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
！	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
算	O	O
一	O	O
拉	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	O
宁	E	O
人	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
比	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
跑	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
城	O	O
区	O	O
要	O	O
花	O	O
二	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
还	O	O
少	O	O
哩	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
防	B	O
城	E	O
、	O	O
钦	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
北	B	B
海	E	E
三	O	O
港	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
地	O	O
地	O	O
道	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
南	B	B
宁	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
宁	E	E
人	O	O
就	O	O
急	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
待	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
勒	O	O
紧	O	O
腰	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
甩	O	O
开	O	O
膀	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
异	O	O
：	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
线	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
组	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
；	O	O
波	O	O
涛	O	O
滚	O	O
滚	O	O
的	O	O
邕	B	O
江	E	O
上	O	O
５	O	O
座	O	O
大	O	O
桥	O	O
横	O	O
跨	O	O
而	O	O
过	O	O
；	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
朝	O	O
北	B	O
部	M	O
湾	E	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
到	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
沿	O	O
线	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
热	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
热	O	O
也	O	O
方	O	O
兴	O	O
未	O	O
艾	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
百	B	O
色	E	O
、	O	O
河	B	O
池	E	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
正	O	O
从	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
养	O	O
鸡	O	O
换	O	O
油	O	O
盐	O	O
，	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
为	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
中	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
冬	O	O
菜	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
芒	O	O
果	O	O
园	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
田	O	O
笋	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
油	O	O
茶	O	O
林	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
甘	O	O
蔗	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
沿	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
３	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
贵	B	O
阳	E	O
驱	O	O
车	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
滇	O	O
黔	O	O
桂	O	O
三	O	O
省	O	O
区	O	O
交	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
黔	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
州	O	O
府	O	O
兴	B	B
义	M	M
市	E	E
，	O	O
盘	B	B
江	M	M
宾	M	M
馆	E	E
门	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
停	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
打	O	O
听	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
家	O	O
旅	O	O
店	O	O
客	O	O
房	O	O
也	O	O
已	O	O
爆	O	O
满	O	O
。	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
营	O	O
运	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
商	O	O
云	O	O
集	O	O
此	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
煤	O	O
焦	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
山	O	O
货	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
连	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O
兴	B	B
义	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
建	O	O
在	O	O
距	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
顶	B	B
效	M	M
镇	E	E
。	O	O
顶	O	O
效	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
康	O	O
厚	O	O
元	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
拖	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
贯	O	O
穿	O	O
顶	B	O
效	E	O
９	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
吞	O	O
吐	O	O
量	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
运	O	O
量	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
４	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
道	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
交	O	O
汇	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
更	O	O
使	O	O
顶	B	O
效	E	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
连	O	O
接	O	O
贵	O	O
昆	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
昆	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
咽	O	O
喉	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
识	O	O
之	O	O
士	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
到	O	O
顶	B	O
效	E	O
展	O	O
宏	O	O
图	O	O
。	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
日	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
来	O	O
水	O	O
厂	O	O
和	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
伏	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
了	O	O
程	O	O
控	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
线	O	O
运	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
汽	O	O
笛	O	O
声	O	O
唤	O	O
醒	O	O
了	O	O
沉	O	O
睡	O	O
的	O	O
荒	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
告	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
的	O	O
黄	B	B
泥	M	M
河	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
商	O	O
人	O	O
纷	O	O
至	O	O
沓	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
也	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
涌	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
的	O	O
红	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
闹	O	O
腾	O	O
得	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
盎	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
是	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
盼	O	O
望	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
是	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
大	O	O
省	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
山	O	O
高	O	O
谷	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
饱	O	O
受	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
之	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
运	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
运	O	O
量	O	O
定	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
也	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
运	O	O
距	O	O
太	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
高	O	O
而	O	O
轻	O	O
易	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
来	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
为	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
连	O	O
结	O	O
东	O	O
南	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
和	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
便	O	O
捷	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
矿	O	O
藏	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
再	O	O
上	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
指	O	O
日	O	O
可	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
合	B	B
肥	E	E
市	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
觉	O	O
醒	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
中	O	O
路	O	O
两	O	O
侧	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
子	O	O
挂	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
红	O	O
灯	O	O
笼	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
嗨	O	O
，	O	O
神	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
一	O	O
街	O	O
两	O	O
巷	O	O
咋	O	O
一	O	O
夜	O	O
间	O	O
冒	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
红	O	O
灯	O	O
笼	O	O
？	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
尾	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
望	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
两	O	O
条	O	O
红	O	O
龙	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
喜	O	O
人	O	O
呀	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
陈	O	O
玉	O	O
英	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
长	B	B
江	M	M
路	E	E
纺	O	O
织	O	O
品	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
看	O	O
车	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
合	B	B
肥	E	E
一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
新	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
惊	O	O
奇	O	O
得	O	O
大	O	O
呼	O	O
小	O	O
叫	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
千	O	O
盏	O	O
灯	O	O
笼	O	O
凌	O	O
空	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
里	O	O
长	O	O
街	O	O
分	O	O
外	O	O
红	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
让	O	O
灯	O	O
笼	O	O
红	O	O
到	O	O
正	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
元	O	O
宵	O	O
节	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
仇	O	O
旭	O	O
东	O	O
如	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
济	O	B
南	O	M
市	O	E
第	O	O
五	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
曹	O	O
卫	O	O
萍	O	O
大	O	O
夫	O	O
又	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
巡	O	O
诊	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
巡	O	O
诊	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
是	O	O
家	O	O
住	O	O
槐	B	O
荫	M	O
区	E	O
营	B	O
市	E	O
东	O	O
街	O	O
２	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
刘	O	O
文	O	O
凯	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
已	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
只	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
大	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
大	O	O
夫	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
恩	B	O
施	E	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
茅	O	O
屋	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
州	O	O
委	O	O
州	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
住	O	O
茅	O	O
屋	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
县	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
状	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
恩	B	B
施	M	M
州	E	E
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
筹	O	O
措	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
土	O	O
管	O	O
、	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
免	O	O
税	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
用	O	O
材	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
；	O	O
人	O	O
武	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
青	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
员	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
及	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
向	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
献	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
恩	B	B
施	M	M
州	E	E
采	O	O
取	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
共	O	O
筹	O	O
措	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
减	O	O
免	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
税	O	O
费	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
捐	O	O
物	O	O
捐	O	O
料	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
投	O	O
工	O	O
近	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
或	O	O
改	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
户	O	O
均	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
代	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
茅	O	O
屋	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
苗	O	O
族	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
了	O	O
茅	O	O
屋	O	O
，	O	O
迁	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
砖	O	O
木	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
居	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
保	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
任	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
高	O	O
邑	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
兼	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
任	O	O
高	O	O
邑	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
贵	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
好	O	O
大	O	O
喜	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
“	O	O
虚	O	O
”	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
摒	O	O
弃	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
唱	O	O
功	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
功	O	O
差	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
做	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
意	O	O
愿	O	O
和	O	O
承	O	O
受	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
；	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
敢	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
当	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
求	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
却	O	O
背	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
坏	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
民	O	O
意	O	O
测	O	O
验	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
办	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
桩	O	O
桩	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
也	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
常	O	O
言	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
眼	O	O
见	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
耳	O	O
听	O	O
为	O	O
虚	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
准	O	O
了	O	O
此	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
『	O	O
理	O	O
』	O	O
却	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
疑	O	O
惑	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
如	O	O
歌	O	O
元	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
如	O	O
约	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
哈	B	O
尔	M	O
滨	M	O
市	E	O
友	B	O
谊	M	O
路	E	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
号	O	O
梁	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
室	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
装	O	O
修	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
件	O	O
旧	O	O
家	O	O
具	O	O
。	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
磨	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
扶	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
沙	O	O
发	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
能	O	O
安	O	O
于	O	O
平	O	O
淡	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
梁	O	O
军	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
纸	O	O
盒	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
师	O	O
大	O	O
二	O	O
部	O	O
马	O	O
特	O	O
洛	O	O
索	O	O
夫	O	O
班	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
们	O	O
送	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
梁	O	O
军	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
盒	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
珍	O	O
藏	O	O
着	O	O
她	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
奖	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
拿	O	O
起	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
兵	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
最	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
了	O	O
蔡	O	O
畅	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
颖	O	O
超	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
等	O	O
心	O	O
仪	O	O
许	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
梁	O	O
军	O	O
最	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
去	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
蔡	O	O
畅	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
失	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
劳	O	O
模	O	O
都	O	O
围	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
旁	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
握	O	O
着	O	O
蔡	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
蔡	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
梁	O	O
军	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
猜	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
会	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
蔡	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
握	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
盘	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
是	O	O
梁	O	O
军	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
那	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
梁	O	O
军	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
想	O	O
把	O	O
话	O	O
拉	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
成	B	B
都	M	M
市	E	E
数	O	O
千	O	O
个	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
自	O	O
产	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
及	O	O
腌	O	O
腊	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
家	O	O
摊	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
肖	O	O
顺	O	O
琴	O	O
在	O	O
摊	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
愉	O	O
快	O	O
地	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
邵	O	O
景	O	O
均	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
吃	O	O
过	O	O
急	O	O
躁	O	O
冒	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
亏	O	O
。	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
就	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
过	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
和	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
‘	O	O
左	O	O
’	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
是	O	O
搞	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
吃	O	O
‘	O	O
左	O	O
’	O	O
的	O	O
亏	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
有	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
‘	O	O
左	O	O
’	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
”	O	O
看	O	O
得	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
定	O	O
得	O	O
过	O	O
急	O	O
、	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
就	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
事	O	O
物	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
直	O	O
面	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
中	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
；	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
地	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
紧	O	O
迫	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
所	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
中	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
抓	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
揭	O	O
露	O	O
和	O	O
鞭	O	O
挞	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
极	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
邪	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
所	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
比	O	O
拟	O	O
和	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
鞭	O	O
挞	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
以	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
可	O	O
耻	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
尚	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
把	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
我	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
所	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
盘	O	O
西	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
闭	O	O
关	O	O
自	O	O
守	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
我	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
所	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
和	O	O
吸	O	O
取	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
半	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
半	O	O
殖	O	O
民	O	O
地	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
逾	O	O
越	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
向	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
闭	O	O
关	O	O
自	O	O
守	O	O
、	O	O
故	O	O
步	O	O
自	O	O
封	O	O
是	O	O
愚	O	O
蠢	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
但	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
按	O	O
蔚	O	O
蓝	O	O
色	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
构	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
“	O	O
西	O	O
体	O	O
中	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
盘	O	O
西	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
三	O	O
层	O	O
“	O	O
过	O	O
滤	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
用	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
、	O	O
鉴	O	O
别	O	O
和	O	O
批	O	O
判	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
鉴	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
对	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
使	O	O
它	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
当	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
融	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
对	O	O
它	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
族	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
洋	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
从	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
的	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
与	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
前	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
到	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	B
石	O	M
山	O	M
区	O	E
、	O	O
荒	O	O
漠	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
偏	O	O
远	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
；	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
低	O	O
下	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
迟	O	O
缓	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
是	O	O
与	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
都	O	O
比	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
前	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
和	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
所	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
与	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
及	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
有	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
层	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
和	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
还	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
办	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
再	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
文	O	O
教	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
等	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
向	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
对	O	O
口	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
作	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
后	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
地	O	O
制	O	O
宜	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
的	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
是	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
下	O	O
苦	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
以	O	O
治	O	O
山	O	O
治	O	O
水	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
封	O	O
山	O	O
育	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
植	O	O
树	O	O
造	O	O
林	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
旱	O	O
涝	O	O
保	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
产	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
；	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
以	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
竹	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
有	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
门	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
人	O	O
未	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
寝	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
不	O	O
甘	O	O
味	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
紧	O	O
迫	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
就	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
议	O	O
程	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
力	O	O
更	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
持	O	O
之	O	O
以	O	O
恒	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
压	O	O
题	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
为	O	O
方	O	O
云	O	O
伟	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
年	O	O
关	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
部	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
来	O	O
稿	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
而	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
言	O	O
：	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
廉	O	O
不	O	O
廉	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
妨	O	O
看	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
也	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
被	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
判	O	O
处	O	O
有	O	O
期	O	O
徒	O	O
刑	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
延	B	B
庆	M	M
县	E	E
原	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
刘	O	O
金	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
逢	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
都	O	O
必	O	O
到	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
家	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
守	O	O
住	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
适	O	O
时	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
闻	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
市	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
局	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
树	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
贵	O	O
重	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
品	O	O
；	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
用	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
用	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
互	O	O
赠	O	O
礼	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
下	O	O
级	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
土	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
或	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
广	O	O
西	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
厅	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
以	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
贺	O	O
礼	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
收	O	O
取	O	O
、	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
“	O	O
红	O	O
包	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
违	O	O
者	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
徽	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
厅	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
支	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
纠	O	O
察	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
在	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
大	O	O
院	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
及	O	O
院	O	O
内	O	O
查	O	O
究	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
徽	O	O
省	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
“	O	O
曝	O	O
光	O	O
度	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
彭	O	O
朝	O	O
晖	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
贿	O	O
”	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
应	O	O
予	O	O
整	O	O
治	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
明	O	O
目	O	O
张	O	O
胆	O	O
列	O	O
支	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
迎	O	O
合	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
或	O	O
要	O	O
害	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
谋	O	O
取	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
小	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
以	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
为	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
以	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
横	O	O
向	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
然	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
向	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
送	O	O
钱	O	O
送	O	O
物	O	O
送	O	O
土	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
上	O	O
列	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
报	O	O
销	O	O
凭	O	O
证	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
写	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
经	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
送	O	O
某	O	O
某	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
字	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
名	O	O
正	O	O
言	O	O
顺	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
顾	O	O
忌	O	O
。	O	O
某	O	O
局	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
和	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
费	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
挥	O	O
霍	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
痛	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
江	B	O
西	M	O
省	M	O
宜	M	O
春	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
村	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
上	B	B
高	M	M
县	E	E
新	B	B
界	M	M
埠	M	M
乡	E	E
富	B	B
港	M	M
村	E	E
，	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
件	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
事	O	O
：	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
撤	O	O
了	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
食	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
便	O	O
相	O	O
约	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
带	O	O
下	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
交	O	O
钱	O	O
吃	O	O
派	O	O
饭	O	O
。	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
按	O	O
：	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
滋	O	O
生	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
。	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
都	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
在	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
脑	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
抽	O	O
屉	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
求	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
，	O	O
岂	O	O
不	O	O
就	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
听	O	O
任	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
摆	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
？	O	O
顺	B	O
德	E	O
这	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
行	O	O
之	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
份	O	O
儿	O	O
上	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
你	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
信	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
顺	B	O
德	E	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
增	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
；	O	O
多	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
退	O	O
还	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
堵	O	O
塞	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
顺	B	B
德	E	E
报	O	O
》	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
版	O	O
“	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
”	O	O
着	O	O
顺	O	O
德	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
市	O	O
府	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
登	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
顺	B	B
德	E	E
人	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
目	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
装	O	O
订	O	O
成	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
后	O	O
头	O	O
：	O	O
顺	B	B
德	E	E
周	O	O
边	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
更	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
价	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
也	O	O
比	O	O
顺	B	O
德	E	O
便	O	O
宜	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
蜂	O	O
拥	O	O
顺	B	O
德	E	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
“	O	O
宝	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
广	B	O
东	E	O
北	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
东	B	O
莞	E	O
压	O	O
缩	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
洋	O	O
冷	O	O
柜	O	O
、	O	O
浦	B	O
项	E	O
制	O	O
铁	O	O
等	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
落	O	O
户	O	O
顺	B	B
德	E	E
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
引	O	O
入	O	O
大	O	O
财	O	O
团	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
就	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
朝	O	O
气	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
的	O	O
顺	B	B
德	E	E
就	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
郝	O	O
龙	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
莫	O	O
刮	O	O
“	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
松	O	O
扣	O	O
”	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
调	O	O
剂	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
购	O	O
点	O	O
年	O	O
货	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
切	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
松	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
松	O	O
无	O	O
紧	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
至	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
８	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
９	O	O
点	O	O
到	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
点	O	O
下	O	O
班	O	O
４	O	O
点	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
科	O	O
室	O	O
唱	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
空	O	O
城	O	O
计	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
找	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
办	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
五	O	O
天	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
休	O	O
息	O	O
日	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
更	O	O
宽	O	O
裕	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
再	O	O
打	O	O
八	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
统	O	O
共	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
“	O	O
松	O	O
扣	O	O
”	O	O
个	O	O
把	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
？	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
鸿	O	O
雁	O	O
添	O	O
毛	O	O
病	O	O
了	O	O
看	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
沙	B	O
家	M	O
浜	E	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
郭	O	O
建	O	O
光	O	O
同	O	O
沙	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
对	O	O
唱	O	O
，	O	O
郭	O	O
建	O	O
光	O	O
给	O	O
沙	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
“	O	O
提	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
沙	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
对	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
得	O	O
太	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
住	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
郭	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
唱	O	O
的	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
似	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
来	O	O
住	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
也	O	O
宽	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
也	O	O
胖	O	O
，	O	O
路	O	O
也	O	O
走	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
爬	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
能	O	O
上	O	O
战	O	O
场	O	O
把	O	O
敌	O	O
杀	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
郭	O	O
建	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
幽	O	O
默	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
沙	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
扬	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
讲	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
皮	O	O
下	O	O
脂	O	O
肪	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
淤	O	O
积	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
说	O	O
打	O	O
仗	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
工	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
想	O	O
想	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
田	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
拔	O	O
秧	O	O
蹲	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
插	O	O
秧	O	O
弯	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
秧	O	O
未	O	O
走	O	O
几	O	O
步	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
气	O	O
喘	O	O
吁	O	O
吁	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
能	O	O
种	O	O
地	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
这	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
肥	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
肥	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
是	O	O
走	O	O
俏	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
肥	O	O
胖	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
怕	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
连	O	O
蹲	O	O
茅	O	O
坑	O	O
都	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
、	O	O
系	O	O
一	O	O
根	O	O
鞋	O	O
带	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
说	O	O
干	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
趣	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
安	O	O
逸	O	O
而	O	O
肥	O	O
胖	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
养	O	O
尊	O	O
处	O	O
优	O	O
而	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
事	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
悲	O	O
剧	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
国	O	O
语	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
沃	O	O
土	O	O
之	O	O
民	O	O
不	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
逸	O	O
也	O	O
；	O	O
瘠	O	O
土	O	O
之	O	O
民	O	O
莫	O	O
不	O	O
向	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
也	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
古	O	O
人	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
逸	O	O
”	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
民	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
材	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
欧	O	O
阳	O	O
修	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
忧	O	O
劳	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
逸	O	O
豫	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
亡	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
待	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
克	O	O
因	O	O
无	O	O
奈	O	O
蒋	O	O
子	O	O
翼	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
太	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
特	O	O
认	O	O
死	O	O
理	O	O
儿	O	O
：	O	O
若	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
蒋	O	O
某	O	O
盗	O	O
得	O	O
信	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
掉	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
怕	O	O
您	O	O
要	O	O
人	O	O
头	O	O
落	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
得	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
然	O	O
连	O	O
句	O	O
好	O	O
听	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
。	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
失	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
免	O	O
越	O	O
发	O	O
哓	O	O
哓	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
句	O	O
台	O	O
词	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
含	O	O
义	O	O
甚	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
哲	O	O
理	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
成	O	O
名	O	O
言	O	O
流	O	O
传	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O
用	O	O
法	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
玩	O	O
笑	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
蛮	O	O
难	O	O
办	O	O
得	O	O
喽	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
后	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
乐	O	O
一	O	O
乐	O	O
而	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
蒋	O	O
子	O	O
翼	O	O
来	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
堪	O	O
供	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O
乐	O	O
后	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
免	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
，	O	O
蒋	O	O
子	O	O
翼	O	O
诚	O	O
然	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
自	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
终	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
见	O	O
事	O	O
太	O	O
迟	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
弱	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
吴	B	O
营	E	O
勾	O	O
留	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
瑜	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
倨	O	O
傲	O	O
不	O	O
恭	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
已	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
觉	O	O
察	O	O
到	O	O
事	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
刀	O	O
架	O	O
在	O	O
脖	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
即	O	O
时	O	O
兴	O	O
辞	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
致	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
“	O	O
盗	O	O
书	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
挨	O	O
孟	O	O
德	O	O
这	O	O
顿	O	O
骂	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
发	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
也	O	O
属	O	O
“	O	O
见	O	O
事	O	O
太	O	O
迟	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
盆	O	O
面	O	O
浆	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
若	O	O
果	O	O
真	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
群	O	O
英	O	O
会	O	O
》	O	O
这	O	O
台	O	O
好	O	O
戏	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
立	O	O
马	O	O
就	O	O
融	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
立	O	O
马	O	O
就	O	O
融	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
宛	O	O
如	O	O
万	O	O
马	O	O
舞	O	O
银	O	O
鬃	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
暖	O	O
春	O	O
为	O	O
母	O	O
今	O	O
晨	O	O
暖	O	O
阳	O	O
吐	O	O
金	O	O
霞	O	O
贺	B	O
兰	M	B
山	E	E
在	O	O
融	O	O
化	O	O
融	O	O
出	O	O
个	O	O
清	O	O
流	O	O
浑	O	O
浪	O	O
漫	O	O
金	O	O
沙	O	O
我	O	O
踏	O	O
着	O	O
积	O	O
雪	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
咯	O	O
咯	O	O
吱	O	O
吱	O	O
的	O	O
脚	O	O
步	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
张	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
石	O	O
头	O	O
墙	O	O
围	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
院	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
张	O	O
急	O	O
忙	O	O
从	O	O
屋	O	O
里	O	O
奔	O	O
迎	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
皮	O	O
帽	O	O
耳	O	O
忽	O	O
闪	O	O
忽	O	O
闪	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
近	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
皱	O	O
纹	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
舒	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
地	O	O
握	O	O
住	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
角	O	O
泪	O	O
花	O	O
晶	O	O
莹	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
像	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
眼	O	O
泪	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
倾	O	O
诉	O	O
心	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
与	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
播	O	O
种	O	O
大	O	O
忙	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
骨	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
十	O	O
来	O	O
名	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
来	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
老	O	O
张	O	O
栽	O	O
土	O	O
豆	O	O
、	O	O
种	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
脸	O	O
汗	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
身	O	O
泥	O	O
土	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
办	O	O
伙	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
吃	O	O
老	O	O
张	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
顿	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
直	O	O
搓	O	O
巴	O	O
掌	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
可	O	O
咋	O	O
说	O	O
呢	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
南	O	O
坡	O	O
种	O	O
大	O	O
豆	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
再	O	O
张	O	O
嘴	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
想	O	O
将	O	O
就	O	O
种	O	O
上	O	O
算	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
刻	O	O
开	O	O
车	O	O
到	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
里	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
青	B	B
山	M	M
堡	M	M
村	E	E
借	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
袋	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
老	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
张	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
得	O	O
支	O	O
支	O	O
吾	O	O
吾	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
话	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
身	O	O
扶	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
犁	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
走	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
甩	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
串	O	O
响	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
鞭	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
前	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
晓	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
居	O	O
京	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
每	O	O
有	O	O
菊	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
均	O	O
属	O	O
春	O	O
菊	O	O
、	O	O
秋	O	O
菊	O	O
之	O	O
类	O	O
。	O	O
即	O	O
便	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
冬	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
呼	B	B
和	M	M
浩	M	M
特	E	E
有	O	O
幸	O	O
观	O	O
到	O	O
菊	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
菊	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
构	O	O
筑	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
长	B	B
沙	E	E
，	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
寒	O	O
菊	O	O
才	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
。	O	O
好	O	O
壮	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
蓉	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
恍	O	O
若	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
古	O	O
园	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
色	O	O
赞	O	O
叹	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O
好	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
幕	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
忽	O	O
然	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
逼	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
妍	O	O
包	O	O
围	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
雅	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
兰	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
馨	O	O
不	O	O
逊	O	O
梅	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
超	O	O
尘	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
洁	O	O
骨	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
起	O	O
敬	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
觉	O	O
此	O	O
花	O	O
一	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
上	O	O
即	O	O
无	O	O
花	O	O
可	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
许	O	O
延	O	O
荣	O	O
说	O	O
过	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
素	O	O
心	O	O
常	O	O
耐	O	O
冷	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
节	O	O
本	O	O
无	O	O
瑕	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
眼	O	O
中	O	O
之	O	O
花	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
妙	O	O
写	O	O
照	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
因	O	O
求	O	O
雨	O	O
而	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
庙	O	O
宇	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
香	O	O
火	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
鼎	O	O
盛	O	O
，	O	O
倒	O	O
是	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
激	O	O
战	O	O
使	O	O
它	O	O
名	O	O
声	O	O
大	O	O
振	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
完	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
庙	O	O
宇	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
雷	B	B
神	M	M
庙	E	E
战	O	O
斗	O	O
遗	O	O
址	O	O
被	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
军	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
务	O	O
队	O	O
共	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
员	O	O
理	O	O
琪	O	O
的	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
夜	O	O
急	O	O
行	O	O
军	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
华	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
拂	O	O
晓	O	O
前	O	O
兵	O	O
临	O	O
牟	B	O
平	M	O
城	E	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
出	O	O
其	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
攻	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
进	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
活	O	O
捉	O	O
了	O	O
伪	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
牟	B	B
平	E	M
雷	B	M
神	M	M
庙	E	E
战	O	O
斗	O	O
以	O	O
打	O	O
响	O	O
胶	B	O
东	E	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
枪	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
绩	O	O
而	O	O
载	O	O
入	O	O
史	O	O
册	O	O
，	O	O
流	O	O
芳	O	O
千	O	O
古	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
放	O	O
火	O	O
烧	O	O
毁	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	O
厅	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
后	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
是	O	O
雷	B	B
神	M	M
庙	E	E
战	O	O
斗	O	O
遗	O	O
址	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
留	O	O
言	O	O
簿	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
留	O	O
言	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
过	O	O
雷	B	B
神	M	M
庙	E	E
战	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
戴	O	O
着	O	O
红	O	O
领	O	O
巾	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
洒	O	O
下	O	O
烈	O	O
士	O	O
鲜	O	O
血	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
举	O	O
起	O	O
拳	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
党	O	O
宣	O	O
誓	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
吃	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
省	O	O
菜	O	O
钱	O	O
又	O	O
省	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
三	O	O
餐	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
煲	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
吃	O	O
。	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
吃	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
厌	O	O
便	O	O
腻	O	O
，	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
便	O	O
变	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
花	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
焖	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
烤	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
吃	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
花	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
吃	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
厌	O	O
。	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
便	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
停	O	O
吃	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
。	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
雷	B	B
州	M	M
半	M	M
岛	E	E
调	O	O
到	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
先	O	O
行	O	O
者	O	O
孙	O	O
中	O	O
山	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
慕	O	O
名	O	O
去	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
孙	O	O
中	O	O
山	O	O
故	O	O
居	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
已	O	O
很	O	O
久	O	O
没	O	O
吃	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
『	O	O
重	O	O
温	O	O
旧	O	O
情	O	O
』	O	O
之	O	O
意	O	O
呢	O	O
！	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
便	O	O
去	O	O
买	O	O
烤	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
外	O	O
加	O	O
几	O	O
瓶	O	O
矿	O	O
泉	O	O
水	O	O
带	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
故	O	O
居	O	O
的	O	O
树	O	O
荫	O	O
下	O	O
品	O	O
尝	O	O
了	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
郭	O	O
远	O	O
发	O	O
想	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
琳	O	O
琅	O	O
满	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
店	O	O
铺	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
猪	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
、	O	O
羊	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
豆	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
买	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
买	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
店	O	O
家	O	O
唯	O	O
恐	O	O
你	O	O
买	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
盼	O	O
你	O	O
买	O	O
得	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
越	O	O
好	O	O
呢	O	O
！	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
员	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
身	O	O
作	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
勤	O	O
政	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
带	O	O
出	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
懂	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
榜	O	O
样	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
畏	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
奋	O	O
勇	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
提	O	O
拔	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
其	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
害	O	O
怕	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
、	O	O
贪	O	O
图	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
不	O	O
听	O	O
劝	O	O
阻	O	O
，	O	O
沉	O	O
溺	O	O
于	O	O
花	O	O
天	O	O
酒	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
奢	O	O
侈	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
纪	O	O
政	O	O
纪	O	O
法	O	O
纪	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
辉	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
前	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
威	O	O
廉	O	O
・	O	O
佩	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
应	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
佩	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
都	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
访	O	O
美	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
美	O	O
中	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
中	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
应	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
元	O	O
首	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
方	O	O
应	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
美	O	O
中	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
军	O	O
方	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
穆	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
与	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
并	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
和	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
班	O	O
牙	O	O
工	O	O
社	O	O
党	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
两	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
点	O	O
多	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
中	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
接	O	O
见	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
关	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
关	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
”	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
成	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
相	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
和	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
与	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
和	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
官	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
卓	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
信	O	O
赖	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
思	O	O
卿	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	O	O
剑	O	O
红	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
局	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
幅	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
回	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
率	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
性	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
让	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
进	O	O
棚	O	O
过	O	O
冬	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
随	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
军	O	O
秦	O	O
副	O	O
军	O	O
长	O	O
奔	O	O
赴	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
单	B	B
晶	M	M
河	M	M
乡	E	E
。	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
院	O	O
里	O	O
与	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
忙	O	O
着	O	O
搭	O	O
棚	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
见	O	O
里	O	O
边	O	O
生	O	O
着	O	O
炉	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
暖	O	O
融	O	O
融	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
户	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
正	O	O
坐	O	O
着	O	O
聊	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
郑	O	O
丙	O	O
华	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
严	O	O
冬	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
艾	O	O
笑	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
向	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
会	O	O
与	O	O
红	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
会	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
及	O	O
灾	O	O
后	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
致	O	O
电	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
会	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	M
特	M	M
别	M	M
行	M	M
政	M	M
区	E	E
行	O	O
政	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
董	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
会	O	O
为	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
赈	O	O
济	O	O
款	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
户	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
行	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
震	O	O
区	O	O
更	O	O
强	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
抢	O	O
险	O	O
初	O	O
战	O	O
告	O	O
竣	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
迫	O	O
在	O	O
眉	O	O
睫	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
打	O	O
响	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
部	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
战	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
间	O	O
简	O	O
易	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
在	O	O
降	O	O
温	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
让	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
迁	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
如	O	O
期	O	O
兑	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
市	O	O
县	O	O
包	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
包	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
包	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
建	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
摘	O	O
下	O	O
乌	O	O
纱	O	O
帽	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
冻	O	O
死	O	O
冻	O	O
伤	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
震	O	O
区	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
风	O	O
雪	O	O
加	O	O
固	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
防	O	O
寒	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
周	O	O
文	O	O
广	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
之	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
捐	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	M	M
市	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
共	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
捐	O	O
献	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
款	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
棉	O	O
衣	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
棉	O	O
被	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
条	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
米	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
木	O	O
材	O	O
、	O	O
煤	O	O
、	O	O
灶	O	O
具	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
《	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
〈	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
〉	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
条	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
本	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
境	O	O
内	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
或	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
（	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
、	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
辅	O	O
助	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
同	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
四	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
换	O	O
流	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
关	O	O
站	O	O
等	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
站	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
；	O	O
”	O	O
六	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
导	O	O
线	O	O
边	O	O
线	O	O
向	O	O
外	O	O
侧	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
所	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
平	O	O
行	O	O
线	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
”	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
导	O	O
线	O	O
边	O	O
线	O	O
向	O	O
外	O	O
侧	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
并	O	O
垂	O	O
直	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
所	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
平	O	O
行	O	O
面	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
“	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
电	O	O
缆	O	O
为	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
两	O	O
侧	O	O
各	O	O
零	O	O
点	O	O
七	O	O
五	O	O
米	O	O
所	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
平	O	O
行	O	O
线	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
”	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
电	O	O
缆	O	O
为	O	O
电	O	O
缆	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
标	O	O
桩	O	O
两	O	O
侧	O	O
各	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
所	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
平	O	O
行	O	O
线	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
八	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
条	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
删	O	O
去	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
一	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
款	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
划	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
的	O	O
或	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
树	O	O
木	O	O
、	O	O
竹	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
应	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
修	O	O
剪	O	O
或	O	O
砍	O	O
伐	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
、	O	O
删	O	O
去	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
条	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
条	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
：	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
适	O	O
销	O	O
对	O	O
路	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
衔	O	O
接	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
；	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
林	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
、	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
等	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
；	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
同	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
梯	O	O
度	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
复	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
和	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
本	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
应	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
章	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
水	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
厂	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
库	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
坝	O	O
、	O	O
取	O	O
水	O	O
口	O	O
、	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
隧	O	O
洞	O	O
（	O	O
含	O	O
支	O	O
洞	O	O
口	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
压	O	O
井	O	O
（	O	O
塔	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
露	O	O
天	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
管	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
厂	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
尾	O	O
水	O	O
渠	O	O
、	O	O
厂	O	O
房	O	O
与	O	O
大	O	O
坝	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
辅	O	O
助	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
压	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
容	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
抗	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
断	O	O
路	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
隔	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
避	O	O
雷	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
感	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
熔	O	O
断	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
计	O	O
量	O	O
仪	O	O
表	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
、	O	O
配	O	O
电	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
箱	O	O
式	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
辅	O	O
助	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
千	O	O
伏	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
在	O	O
厂	O	O
矿	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
密	O	O
集	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
架	O	O
空	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
可	O	O
略	O	O
小	O	O
于	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
电	O	O
压	O	O
导	O	O
线	O	O
边	O	O
线	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
小	O	O
于	O	O
导	O	O
线	O	O
边	O	O
线	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
弧	O	O
垂	O	O
及	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
风	O	O
偏	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
和	O	O
风	O	O
偏	O	O
后	O	O
距	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
之	O	O
和	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
架	O	O
空	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
标	O	O
明	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
宽	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
条	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
或	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
爆	O	O
破	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
输	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
输	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
热	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
灰	O	O
等	O	O
管	O	O
道	O	O
（	O	O
沟	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
五	O	O
）	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
架	O	O
空	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
导	O	O
线	O	O
两	O	O
侧	O	O
各	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
放	O	O
风	O	O
筝	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
七	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
杆	O	O
塔	O	O
、	O	O
拉	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
拴	O	O
牲	O	O
畜	O	O
、	O	O
悬	O	O
挂	O	O
物	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
攀	O	O
附	O	O
农	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
构	O	O
筑	O	O
物	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
底	O	O
电	O	O
缆	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
抛	O	O
锚	O	O
、	O	O
拖	O	O
锚	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
起	O	O
重	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
部	O	O
位	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
架	O	O
空	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
侵	O	O
占	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
征	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
章	O	O
对	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
妨	O	O
碍	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
条	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
应	O	O
将	O	O
经	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
建	O	O
或	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
和	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
划	O	O
定	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
章	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
与	O	O
惩	O	O
罚	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
而	O	O
同	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
作	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
本	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
划	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
烧	O	O
窑	O	O
、	O	O
烧	O	O
荒	O	O
、	O	O
抛	O	O
锚	O	O
、	O	O
拖	O	O
锚	O	O
、	O	O
炸	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
挖	O	O
沙	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
原	O	O
状	O	O
并	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
章	O	O
附	O	O
则	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
本	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
量	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
警	O	O
车	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
定	O	O
编	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
警	O	O
车	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
本	O	O
省	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
整	O	O
治	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
整	O	O
两	O	O
反	O	O
”	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
财	O	O
经	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
铺	O	O
张	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
官	O	O
僚	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
抓	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
点	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
＊	O	O
＊	O	O
＊	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
要	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
抓	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
根	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
因	O	O
时	O	O
制	O	O
宜	O	O
、	O	O
因	O	O
地	O	O
制	O	O
宜	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
化	O	O
之	O	O
、	O	O
笼	O	O
而	O	O
统	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
“	O	O
头	O	O
痛	O	O
医	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
脚	O	O
痛	O	O
医	O	O
脚	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
山	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
从	O	O
整	O	O
财	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
堵	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
之	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
治	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
之	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
铺	O	O
张	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
和	O	O
官	O	O
僚	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
个	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
被	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
『	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
』	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
人	O	O
被	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
『	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
』	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
二	O	O
千	O	O
多	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
并	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
黑	B	O
龙	M	O
江	M	O
省	E	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
、	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
官	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
共	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
错	O	O
案	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
八	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
被	O	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
委	O	O
及	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
还	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
岗	O	O
双	O	O
责	O	O
、	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
挂	O	O
牌	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
、	O	O
聘	O	O
请	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
票	O	O
否	O	O
决	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
大	B	B
连	E	E
电	O	O
春	O	O
运	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
连	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
所	O	O
属	O	O
大	B	B
连	M	M
火	M	M
车	M	M
站	E	E
的	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
口	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
购	O	O
票	O	O
“	O	O
长	O	O
龙	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
手	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
海	O	O
岛	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
购	O	O
票	O	O
卡	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
却	O	O
可	O	O
径	O	O
直	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
出	O	O
预	O	O
订	O	O
或	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
日	O	O
车	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
登	O	O
车	O	O
出	O	O
差	O	O
或	O	O
探	O	O
亲	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
”	O	O
征	O	O
文	O	O
评	O	O
奖	O	O
揭	O	O
晓	O	O
某	O	O
炮	O	O
兵	O	O
师	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
”	O	O
刘	O	O
帅	O	O
功	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
居	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
淡	O	O
泊	O	O
名	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
崇	O	O
尚	O	O
简	O	O
朴	O	O
。	O	O
论	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
辛	O	O
亥	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
护	O	O
法	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
名	O	O
震	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
猛	O	O
将	O	O
；	O	O
论	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
长	O	O
征	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
论	O	O
战	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
所	O	O
向	O	O
披	O	O
靡	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
功	O	O
小	O	O
勋	O	O
不	O	O
计	O	O
其	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
全	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
决	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
举	O	O
足	O	O
轻	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
而	O	O
深	O	O
得	O	O
三	O	O
军	O	O
将	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
崇	O	O
敬	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
之	O	O
无	O	O
愧	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
战	O	O
神	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
他	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
却	O	O
恳	O	O
请	O	O
辞	O	O
去	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
要	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
甘	O	O
愿	O	O
到	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
脚	O	O
下	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
书	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
何	O	O
其	O	O
高	O	O
洁	O	O
。	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
前	O	O
线	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
在	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
虎	O	O
虎	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
剧	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
《	O	O
霓	O	O
虹	O	O
灯	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
哨	O	O
兵	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
南	O	O
征	O	O
北	O	O
战	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
柳	B	O
堡	E	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
东	O	O
进	O	O
序	O	O
曲	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
接	O	O
再	O	O
厉	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
繁	O	O
花	O	O
似	O	O
锦	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
再	O	O
添	O	O
新	O	O
彩	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
明	B	B
尼	M	M
苏	M	M
达	M	M
州	E	E
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
州	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
明	B	O
州	E	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
华	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
对	O	O
郑	O	O
东	O	O
发	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
在	O	O
华	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
新	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
爱	B	B
沙	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
议	O	O
长	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
地	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
走	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
萨	O	O
维	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
爱	B	B
沙	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
着	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
也	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
爱	B	B
沙	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
于	O	O
海	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
明	B	B
尼	M	M
苏	M	M
达	M	M
州	E	E
州	O	O
长	O	O
阿	O	O
内	O	O
・	O	O
卡	O	O
尔	O	O
森	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
就	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
感	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
贸	O	O
促	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
俞	O	O
晓	O	O
松	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
韦	O	O
钰	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
对	O	O
古	B	B
巴	E	E
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
古	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
尚	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
愿	O	O
意	O	O
与	O	O
古	B	O
巴	E	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
把	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
朝	O	O
晖	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
前	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
威	O	O
廉	O	O
・	O	O
佩	O	O
里	O	O
为	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
高	O	O
级	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
沈	O	O
国	O	O
放	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
的	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
罗	O	O
宾	O	O
・	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
外	O	O
，	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	M
特	M	M
别	M	M
行	M	M
政	M	M
区	E	E
。	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
在	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
演	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
征	O	O
求	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
元	O	O
帅	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
八	O	O
旬	O	O
的	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
元	O	O
帅	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
汪	O	O
荣	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
后	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
台	O	O
戏	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
扮	O	O
演	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
演	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
刘	O	O
帅	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
长	O	O
久	O	O
地	O	O
沉	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
剧	O	O
情	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
老	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
德	O	O
艺	O	O
双	O	O
馨	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
听	O	O
众	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
封	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
新	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
安	B	B
徽	E	E
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
于	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
两	O	O
岸	O	O
、	O	O
大	B	B
别	M	M
山	E	E
和	O	O
皖	B	B
南	M	E
山	M	O
区	E	O
，	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
里	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
由	O	O
“	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
”	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
受	O	O
益	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
”	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
联	O	O
户	O	O
和	O	O
村	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
票	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
点	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
一	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
富	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
严	O	O
冬	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
吉	B	B
林	M	M
市	E	E
气	O	O
温	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
松	B	B
花	M	M
江	E	E
边	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
雾	O	O
凇	O	O
奇	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
吉	O	B
林	O	M
市	O	E
公	O	O
用	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
供	O	O
热	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
多	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
把	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
暖	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
王	O	O
照	O	O
环	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
坎	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
伯	O	O
承	O	O
的	O	O
扮	O	O
演	O	O
者	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
勋	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
它	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
和	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
鸣	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
性	O	O
与	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
希	B	B
腊	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
贵	B	B
阳	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
胡	O	O
跃	O	O
平	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
采	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
越	O	O
过	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	O
江	E	O
、	O	O
务	B	B
川	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	O
柱	E	O
等	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
。	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
局	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
组	O	O
和	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
组	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
徐	B	B
州	E	E
和	O	O
临	B	B
沂	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
徐	B	B
州	E	E
是	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
缺	O	O
水	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
徐	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
地	O	O
面	O	O
水	O	O
厂	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
从	O	O
水	O	O
质	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
微	B	B
山	M	M
湖	E	E
等	O	O
南	B	O
四	M	O
湖	E	O
取	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
大	O	O
旱	O	O
，	O	O
南	B	B
四	M	M
湖	E	E
水	O	O
面	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
厂	O	O
从	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
改	O	O
用	O	O
南	O	O
取	O	O
水	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
运	O	O
河	O	O
从	O	O
骆	B	O
马	M	O
湖	E	O
取	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
运	O	O
河	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
质	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
较	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
逐	O	O
级	O	O
提	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
邳	B	O
苍	E	O
分	O	O
洪	O	O
道	O	O
等	O	O
河	O	O
流	O	O
污	O	O
水	O	O
西	O	O
流	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
大	O	O
运	O	O
河	O	O
徐	B	B
州	E	E
河	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
临	O	O
沂	O	O
造	O	O
纸	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
苍	O	O
山	O	O
造	O	O
纸	O	O
厂	O	O
等	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
是	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
邳	B	O
苍	E	O
分	O	O
洪	O	O
道	O	O
河	O	O
流	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
解	O	O
振	O	O
华	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
污	O	O
染	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
淮	B	B
河	M	E
流	M	O
域	E	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
全	O	O
流	O	O
域	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
只	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
本	O	O
专	O	O
科	O	O
招	O	O
生	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
及	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
招	O	O
生	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
最	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
脊	O	O
索	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
演	O	O
化	O	O
史	O	O
前	O	O
推	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
华	O	O
夏	O	O
鳗	O	O
脊	O	O
椎	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
祖	O	O
先	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
使	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
里	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
脊	O	O
椎	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
脊	O	O
索	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
演	O	O
化	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
进	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
上	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
英	O	O
美	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
古	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
撰	O	O
文	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
脊	O	O
索	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
在	O	O
寒	O	O
武	O	O
纪	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
大	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
脊	O	O
索	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
化	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
孟	O	O
西	O	O
安	O	O
韩	O	O
宏	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
齐	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
陷	O	O
在	O	O
泥	O	O
泞	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
道	O	O
具	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
『	O	O
高	O	O
氏	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
』	O	O
使	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
失	O	O
聪	O	O
者	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
听	O	O
力	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
新	O	O
药	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
与	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
等	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
委	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
复	O	O
方	O	O
丹	O	O
参	O	O
滴	O	O
丸	O	O
对	O	O
冠	O	O
心	O	O
病	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
绞	O	O
痛	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
优	O	O
于	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
药	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
和	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
中	O	O
致	O	O
病	O	O
菌	O	O
和	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
还	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
消	O	O
毒	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
同	O	O
英	O	B
国	O	E
利	O	O
高	O	O
曼	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
日	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
消	O	O
毒	O	O
学	O	O
奖	O	O
学	O	O
金	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
利	O	O
高	O	O
曼	O	O
滴	O	O
露	O	O
消	O	O
毒	O	O
药	O	O
水	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
毒	O	O
剂	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
９	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
向	O	O
各	O	O
县	O	O
配	O	O
送	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
大	O	O
篷	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
笔	O	O
字	O	O
”	O	O
漂	O	O
亮	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
笔	O	O
字	O	O
”	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
庄	B	O
河	E	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
写	O	O
字	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
一	O	O
绝	O	O
青	B	O
岛	E	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
调	O	O
流	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
获	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
业	O	O
最	O	O
具	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
由	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
大	O	O
百	O	O
科	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
惠	B	O
泽	E	O
万	O	O
家	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
潮	O	O
涌	O	O
芙	O	O
蓉	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
事	O	O
务	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
与	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
及	O	O
其	O	O
西	B	O
欧	E	O
盟	O	O
友	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
着	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
安	O	O
全	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
而	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
东	O	O
扩	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
毋	O	O
庸	O	O
讳	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
中	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
守	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
占	O	O
上	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
看	O	O
成	O	O
是	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
与	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
等	O	O
国	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
俄	O	O
与	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
邦	O	O
尼	O	O
奇	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
马	B	B
耳	M	M
他	E	E
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
中	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
马	B	B
耳	M	M
他	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
着	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
瓦	B	B
莱	M	M
塔	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
袁	O	O
锦	O	O
林	O	O
）	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
同	O	O
马	B	B
耳	M	M
他	E	E
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
和	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
乔	O	O
治	O	O
・	O	O
韦	O	O
拉	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
感	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
马	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
或	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
马	B	B
耳	M	M
他	E	E
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
地	B	B
中	M	M
海	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
欧	O	O
―	O	O
地	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
愿	O	O
同	O	O
马	O	O
方	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
丁	O	O
宝	O	O
忠	O	O
）	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
常	O	O
驻	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
秦	O	O
华	O	O
孙	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
印	B	B
度	M	M
尼	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
接	O	O
替	O	O
坦	B	O
桑	M	O
尼	M	O
亚	E	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
国	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
接	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
风	O	O
云	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
变	O	O
幻	O	O
，	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
国	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
国	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
不	O	O
是	O	O
该	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
其	O	O
正	O	O
义	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
同	O	O
其	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	M	E
张	M	B
家	M	M
口	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
介	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
龙	O	O
太	O	O
郎	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
和	O	O
小	O	O
渊	O	O
惠	O	O
三	O	O
外	O	O
相	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
致	O	O
电	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
安	O	O
南	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
的	O	O
路	O	O
易	O	O
丝	O	O
・	O	O
弗	O	O
雷	O	O
谢	O	O
特	O	O
为	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
弗	O	O
雷	O	O
谢	O	O
特	O	O
（	O	O
左	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
弗	O	O
雷	O	O
谢	O	O
特	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
任	O	O
加	B	O
拿	M	O
大	E	O
驻	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	B
拿	O	M
大	O	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
晓	O	O
英	O	O
语	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
语	O	O
和	O	O
西	O	B
班	O	M
牙	O	E
语	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
伊	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
松	O	O
动	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
的	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
塔	O	O
米	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
德	B	B
黑	M	M
兰	E	E
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
伊	B	O
斯	M	O
兰	E	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
等	O	O
与	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
的	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
照	O	O
做	O	O
不	O	O
误	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
达	O	O
马	O	O
托	O	O
法	O	O
”	O	O
因	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
抵	O	O
制	O	O
而	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
两	O	O
伊	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
在	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
更	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
时	O	O
宜	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
《	O	O
洛	B	B
杉	M	M
矶	E	E
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
邮	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
沙	B	O
特	M	O
阿	M	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
向	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
传	O	O
递	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
塔	O	O
米	O	O
于	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
又	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
瑞	B	O
士	E	O
向	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
塔	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
传	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
答	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
伊	O	O
意	O	O
欲	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
姿	O	O
态	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
浮	O	O
出	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
禁	O	O
止	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
安	O	O
南	O	O
规	O	O
劝	O	O
巴	B	B
格	M	M
达	E	E
不	O	O
要	O	O
激	O	O
化	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
动	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
伊	O	O
与	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
由	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
里	O	O
特	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
萨	O	O
达	O	O
姆	O	O
无	O	O
权	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
谁	O	O
来	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
权	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
我	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
能	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
访	O	O
塔	O	O
吉	O	O
克	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
努	O	O
里	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
总	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
半	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
任	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
和	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
等	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
分	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
您	O	O
对	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
的	O	O
塔	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
？	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
塔	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
和	O	O
就	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
公	O	O
决	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
努	O	O
里	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
会	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
竞	O	O
选	O	O
？	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
塔	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
想	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
说	O	O
些	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
木	M	M
图	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
赫	O	O
苏	O	O
斯	O	O
・	O	O
皮	O	O
雷	O	O
斯	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
达	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
选	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
票	O	O
占	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
又	O	O
渡	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
先	O	O
决	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
在	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
辩	O	O
论	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
攻	O	O
击	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
把	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
排	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
罗	O	O
托	O	O
夫	O	O
对	O	O
卢	O	O
卡	O	O
申	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
把	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
应	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
使	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
。	O	O
金	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
日	B	O
本	E	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
债	O	O
权	O	O
逾	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
同	O	O
吴	O	O
作	O	O
栋	O	O
和	O	O
苏	O	O
哈	O	O
托	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
了	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
派	O	O
萨	O	O
默	O	O
斯	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
意	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
汉	B	B
城	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
林	O	O
昌	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
当	O	O
选	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
金	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
星	O	O
等	O	O
４	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
５	O	O
项	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
法	B	B
兰	M	M
西	E	E
告	O	O
别	O	O
迷	O	O
你	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
“	O	O
迷	O	O
你	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
”	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
非	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
微	O	O
软	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
比	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
盖	O	O
茨	O	O
直	O	O
言	O	O
不	O	O
讳	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
迷	O	O
你	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
”	O	O
过	O	O
时	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
它	O	O
给	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
带	O	O
来	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
；	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
拖	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
后	O	O
腿	O	O
。	O	O
盖	O	O
茨	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
尽	O	O
快	O	O
向	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
。	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
迷	O	O
你	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
劣	O	O
势	O	O
显	O	O
而	O	O
易	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
仅	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
国	O	O
内	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
存	O	O
储	O	O
和	O	O
图	O	O
表	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
无	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
远	O	O
程	O	O
登	O	O
录	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
传	O	O
输	O	O
等	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
充	O	O
其	O	O
量	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
超	O	O
级	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
化	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
长	O	O
期	O	O
未	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
迷	O	O
你	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
限	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
副	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
戈	O	O
尔	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
“	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
远	O	O
景	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
梦	O	O
想	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
梦	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
梦	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
能	O	O
拯	O	O
救	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
挂	O	O
帅	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
科	O	O
技	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
路	O	O
人	O	O
马	O	O
，	O	O
轰	O	O
轰	O	O
烈	O	O
烈	O	O
地	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
以	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
时	O	O
空	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
着	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
妙	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
却	O	O
顽	O	O
固	O	O
地	O	O
守	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
迷	O	O
你	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
视	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
宝	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
蓦	O	O
然	O	O
回	O	O
首	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
这	O	O
才	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
被	O	O
甩	O	O
得	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
两	O	O
组	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
颇	O	O
能	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
法	B	O
国	E	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
为	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
只	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
网	O	O
址	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
为	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
、	O	O
素	O	O
以	O	O
稳	O	O
健	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
著	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
西	O	O
敏	O	O
寺	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
其	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
西	O	O
敏	O	O
寺	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
期	O	O
权	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
中	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
巴	O	O
林	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
衍	O	O
生	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
给	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
敲	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
警	O	O
钟	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
西	O	O
敏	O	O
寺	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
对	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
无	O	O
视	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
与	O	O
巴	O	O
林	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
员	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
层	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
码	O	O
常	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
集	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
结	O	O
算	O	O
权	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
员	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
虚	O	O
荣	O	O
心	O	O
作	O	O
祟	O	O
，	O	O
赌	O	O
博	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
肯	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
把	O	O
大	O	O
笔	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
挽	O	O
回	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
致	O	O
越	O	O
陷	O	O
越	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
自	O	O
拔	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
易	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
在	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
较	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
８	O	O
。	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
商	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
势	O	O
必	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
逆	O	O
差	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
贸	O	O
易	O	O
逆	O	O
差	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
前	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
逆	O	O
差	O	O
将	O	O
呈	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
创	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
跌	O	O
破	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
时	O	O
共	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
也	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
反	O	O
弹	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
了	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
恒	O	O
生	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
上	O	O
扬	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
点	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
。	O	O
新	B	B
加	M	M
坡	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
在	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
日	O	O
暴	O	O
跌	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
也	O	O
止	O	O
跌	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
天	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
达	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
继	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
劲	O	O
扬	O	O
９	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
扬	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
继	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
升	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
先	O	O
跌	O	O
后	O	O
涨	O	O
，	O	O
微	O	O
升	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
也	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
颓	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
了	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
十	O	O
九	O	O
国	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
签	O	O
约	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
人	O	O
明	O	O
令	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
无	O	O
性	O	O
繁	O	O
殖	O	O
羊	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
复	O	O
制	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
位	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
筹	O	O
足	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
可	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
内	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
育	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
紧	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
舆	O	O
论	O	O
又	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
也	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
沃	O	O
伊	O	O
卢	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
改	O	O
值	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
八	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
向	O	O
各	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
新	O	O
币	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
亿	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
（	O	O
６	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
约	O	O
合	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
旧	O	O
币	O	O
合	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
新	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
者	O	O
』	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
环	O	O
月	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
风	O	O
平	O	O
浪	O	O
静	O	O
周	O	O
义	O	O
霖	O	O
三	O	O
米	O	O
板	O	O
摘	O	O
银	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
无	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
澳	O	O
大	O	O
利	O	O
亚	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
荷	O	O
兰	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
英	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
分	O	O
获	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
４	O	O
×	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
泳	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
队	O	O
总	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
陈	O	O
运	O	O
鹏	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
团	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
观	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
如	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
胸	O	O
前	O	O
挂	O	O
着	O	O
那	O	O
两	O	O
块	O	O
随	O	O
他	O	O
征	O	O
战	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
秒	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
捧	O	O
着	O	O
厚	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
记	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
地	O	O
掐	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
混	O	O
合	O	O
泳	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
运	O	O
鹏	O	O
也	O	O
已	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
谱	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
吴	O	O
艳	O	O
艳	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
妍	O	O
和	O	O
乌	B	B
克	M	M
兰	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
前	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
陈	O	O
运	O	O
鹏	O	O
神	O	O
秘	O	O
地	O	O
一	O	O
笑	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
吃	O	O
晚	O	O
饭	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
天	O	O
凌	O	O
右	O	O
腿	O	O
腹	O	O
沟	O	O
淋	O	O
巴	O	O
处	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
鸡	O	O
蛋	O	O
大	O	O
肿	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
肿	O	O
至	O	O
膝	O	O
盖	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
走	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
天	O	O
凌	O	O
因	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
而	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
痛	O	O
惜	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
曾	O	O
请	O	O
求	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
打	O	O
止	O	O
痛	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
安	O	O
心	O	O
养	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
３	O	O
米	O	O
板	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
云	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
脉	O	O
杯	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
围	O	O
棋	O	O
天	O	O
元	O	O
战	O	O
本	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
棋	O	O
院	O	O
战	O	O
罢	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
六	O	O
段	O	O
执	O	O
黑	O	O
中	O	O
盘	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
周	O	O
鹤	O	O
洋	O	O
七	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
同	O	O
上	O	O
届	O	O
天	O	O
元	O	O
常	O	O
昊	O	O
八	O	O
段	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
新	O	O
天	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
大	O	O
奖	O	O
赛	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
赛	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
排	O	O
定	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
昆	B	B
明	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
银	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
协	O	O
将	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
、	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
送	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
”	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
坚	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
赴	O	O
巴	B	B
西	E	E
留	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
力	O	O
宝	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
队	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
名	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
连	O	O
万	O	O
达	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
孙	O	O
继	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
鹏	O	O
也	O	O
曾	O	O
到	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
学	O	O
习	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
都	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
队	O	O
赴	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
训	O	O
练	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
百	O	O
富	O	O
勤	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
因	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
于	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
清	O	O
盘	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
冠	O	O
名	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
国	O	O
际	O	O
七	O	O
人	O	O
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
香	O	B
港	O	E
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
昨	O	O
晚	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
七	O	O
人	O	O
制	O	O
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
将	O	O
如	O	O
期	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
冠	O	O
名	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
商	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
年	O	O
仅	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B	O
西	E	O
球	O	O
星	O	O
罗	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
多	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
再	O	O
次	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
足	O	O
联	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
巴	O	O
西	O	O
队	O	O
也	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
效	O	O
力	O	O
意	O	B
大	O	M
利	O	E
国	O	O
际	O	O
米	O	O
兰	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
罗	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
多	O	O
众	O	O
望	O	O
所	O	O
归	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
。	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
国	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
寒	O	O
意	O	O
料	O	O
峭	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
大	O	O
连	O	O
陆	O	O
军	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
”	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
却	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
得	O	O
热	O	O
火	O	O
朝	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
化	O	O
怪	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
刻	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
缓	O	O
安	B	B
徽	M	M
省	E	E
这	O	O
次	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
卓	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
照	O	O
明	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
每	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
时	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
占	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
元	O	O
至	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
占	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
元	O	O
占	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
占	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
可	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
封	O	O
顶	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
理	O	O
顺	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
《	O	O
安	B	B
徽	M	M
省	E	E
乡	O	O
（	O	O
镇	O	O
）	O	O
电	O	O
管	O	O
站	O	O
定	O	O
编	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
乡	O	O
（	O	O
镇	O	O
）	O	O
电	O	O
管	O	O
站	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
定	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
编	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
岗	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
简	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
归	O	O
口	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
定	O	O
员	O	O
定	O	O
编	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
庆	O	O
市	O	O
月	O	O
山	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
由	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
人	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
和	B	O
县	E	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
报	O	O
酬	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
由	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
安	B	O
徽	E	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
还	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
合	B	B
肥	M	M
市	E	E
郊	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
烟	O	O
墩	O	O
乡	O	O
电	O	O
管	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
力	O	O
更	O	O
生	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
开	O	O
关	O	O
柜	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
农	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
乡	O	O
高	O	O
能	O	O
耗	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
低	O	O
压	O	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
郊	O	O
区	O	O
最	O	O
穷	O	O
的	O	O
乡	O	O
较	O	O
早	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
乡	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
照	O	O
明	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
前	O	O
每	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
时	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
元	O	O
至	O	O
３	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
每	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
时	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
怀	B	O
远	M	O
县	E	O
新	B	O
街	M	O
村	E	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
年	O	O
久	O	O
失	O	O
修	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
每	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
时	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
元	O	O
至	O	O
３	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
项	O	O
桥	O	O
电	O	O
管	O	O
站	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
该	O	O
村	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
由	O	O
县	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
局	O	O
与	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
各	O	O
购	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
照	O	O
明	O	O
电	O	O
价	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
每	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
时	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
洪	B	B
泽	M	M
县	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
聚	O	O
众	O	O
行	O	O
凶	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
９	O	O
名	O	O
养	O	O
路	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
起	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
名	O	O
养	O	O
路	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
９	O	O
人	O	O
受	O	O
伤	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
３	O	O
人	O	O
重	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
：	O	O
自	O	O
学	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
升	O	O
温	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
湖	B	O
北	E	O
武	B	O
汉	M	O
市	E	O
武	B	O
昌	M	O
区	E	O
三	O	O
三	O	O
○	O	O
三	O	O
信	O	O
箱	O	O
云	O	O
枫	O	O
）	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
时	O	O
交	O	O
还	O	O
公	O	O
物	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
理	O	O
所	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
总	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
离	O	O
任	O	O
时	O	O
乘	O	O
机	O	O
捞	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
，	O	O
损	O	O
公	O	O
肥	O	O
私	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
身	O	O
带	O	O
走	O	O
原	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
趁	O	O
机	O	O
拿	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
物	O	O
送	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
官	O	O
去	O	O
室	O	O
空	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
只	O	O
得	O	O
再	O	O
花	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
笔	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
配	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
使	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
流	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
败	O	O
坏	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
物	O	O
姓	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
属	O	O
公	O	O
家	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
属	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
权	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
权	O	O
送	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
人	O	O
调	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
无	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
交	O	O
回	O	O
公	O	O
物	O	O
；	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
人	O	O
调	O	O
进	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
过	O	O
问	O	O
交	O	O
接	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
索	O	O
要	O	O
前	O	O
任	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
带	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
既	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
公	O	O
私	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
按	O	O
：	O	O
办	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
从	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
行	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
本	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
企	O	O
制	O	O
宜	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
强	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
刮	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
“	O	O
换	O	O
汤	O	O
不	O	O
换	O	O
药	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
这	O	O
三	O	O
封	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
能	O	O
给	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
强	O	O
迫	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
。	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
与	O	O
否	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
权	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
强	O	O
行	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
刀	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
竟	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
扣	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
迫	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
改	O	O
则	O	O
改	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
强	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
遵	O	O
循	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
同	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
组	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
等	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
襄	O	O
樊	O	O
市	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
局	O	O
李	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
或	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
：	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
累	O	O
累	O	O
、	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
扭	O	O
亏	O	O
为	O	O
盈	O	O
，	O	O
起	O	O
死	O	O
回	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
就	O	O
灵	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
或	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
搞	O	O
活	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
哄	O	O
而	O	O
起	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
硬	O	O
性	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
迫	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
片	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
或	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
宜	O	O
“	O	O
股	O	O
”	O	O
则	O	O
“	O	O
股	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
宜	O	O
并	O	O
则	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
宜	O	O
联	O	O
则	O	O
联	O	O
，	O	O
宜	O	O
租	O	O
则	O	O
租	O	O
，	O	O
宜	O	O
包	O	O
则	O	O
包	O	O
，	O	O
宜	O	O
卖	O	O
则	O	O
卖	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
都	O	O
吃	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
服	O	O
药	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
打	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
针	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
莫	O	O
把	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
当	O	O
“	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
”	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
在	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
小	O	O
巷	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
能	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
墙	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
线	O	O
杆	O	O
上	O	O
张	O	O
贴	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
五	O	O
花	O	O
八	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
治	O	O
性	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
招	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
换	O	O
房	O	O
租	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
奇	O	O
不	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
原	O	O
本	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
满	O	O
目	O	O
疮	O	O
痍	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
『	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
揭	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
有	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
『	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
牛	O	O
皮	O	O
癣	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
『	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
为	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
『	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
牛	O	O
皮	O	O
癣	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
、	O	O
居	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
街	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
市	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
局	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
管	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
户	O	O
外	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
址	O	O
『	O	O
顺	O	O
藤	O	O
摸	O	O
瓜	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
江	O	O
湖	O	O
游	O	O
医	O	O
、	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
等	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
张	O	O
贴	O	O
者	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
兴	O	O
师	O	O
动	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
收	O	O
效	O	O
甚	O	O
微	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
『	O	O
野	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
』	O	O
又	O	O
冒	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
亲	O	O
友	O	O
由	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
乘	O	O
长	O	O
途	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
来	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
由	O	O
一	O	O
伙	O	O
骗	O	O
子	O	O
操	O	O
纵	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
连	O	O
环	O	O
骗	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
买	O	O
到	O	O
外	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
在	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
颠	O	O
簸	O	O
中	O	O
昏	O	O
然	O	O
打	O	O
盹	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
着	O	O
发	O	O
财	O	O
梦	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
男	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
那	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
凑	O	O
钱	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
却	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
溜	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
冷	B	O
水	M	O
江	M	O
市	E	O
新	B	O
化	E	O
锡	O	O
矿	O	O
山	O	O
的	O	O
锑	O	O
矿	O	O
石	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
“	O	O
淘	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
者	O	O
涌	O	O
入	O	O
矿	O	O
区	O	O
乱	O	O
采	O	O
滥	O	O
挖	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
矿	O	O
区	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
矿	O	O
区	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
滥	O	O
采	O	O
锑	O	O
矿	O	O
井	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
小	O	O
锑	O	O
冶	O	O
炼	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
坡	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
鼠	O	O
洞	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
矿	O	O
区	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
被	O	O
挖	O	O
得	O	O
百	O	O
孔	O	O
千	O	O
疮	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
３	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
矿	O	O
区	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
管	O	O
管	O	O
杂	O	O
乱	O	O
无	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
采	O	O
矿	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
小	O	O
冶	O	O
炼	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
湖	B	O
南	E	O
冷	B	O
水	M	O
江	M	O
市	E	O
李	O	O
典	O	O
强	O	O
李	O	O
巨	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
省	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
点	O	O
七	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
防	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
出	O	O
动	O	O
灭	O	O
火	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
四	O	O
千	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
扑	O	O
灭	O	O
了	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
征	O	O
收	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
费	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
？	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
是	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
对	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
收	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
、	O	O
没	O	O
收	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
财	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
停	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
五	O	O
是	O	O
吊	O	O
销	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
证	O	O
、	O	O
暂	O	O
扣	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
吊	O	O
销	O	O
执	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
六	O	O
是	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
拘	O	O
留	O	O
，	O	O
七	O	O
是	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
。	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
以	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
为	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
惩	O	O
罚	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
因	O	O
占	O	O
用	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
容	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
而	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
以	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
为	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
物	O	O
为	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
或	O	O
惩	O	O
罚	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
补	O	O
偿	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
所	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
所	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
例	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
《	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
条	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
限	O	O
期	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
逾	O	O
期	O	O
未	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
加	O	O
收	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
费	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
所	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
处	O	O
以	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
停	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
加	O	O
收	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
费	O	O
”	O	O
就	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
逾	O	O
期	O	O
未	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
限	O	O
期	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
费	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
《	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
所	O	O
列	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
南	E	E
西	B	B
峡	M	M
县	E	E
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
“	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
、	O	O
待	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
及	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
牵	O	O
线	O	O
搭	O	O
桥	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
联	O	O
手	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
因	O	O
势	O	O
利	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
牵	O	O
线	O	O
搭	O	O
桥	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
“	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
不	O	O
落	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
显	O	O
身	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
近	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
跟	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
缺	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
。	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
排	O	O
碱	O	O
除	O	O
涝	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
不	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
排	O	O
碱	O	O
渠	O	O
倾	O	O
倒	O	O
杂	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
渠	O	O
段	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
堵	O	O
塞	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
逢	O	O
涝	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
渠	O	O
水	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
退	O	O
水	O	O
于	O	O
排	O	O
碱	O	O
渠	O	O
，	O	O
逢	O	O
旱	O	O
又	O	O
堵	O	O
截	O	O
排	O	O
碱	O	O
渠	O	O
水	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
径	O	O
流	O	O
冲	O	O
刷	O	O
、	O	O
冻	O	O
融	O	O
剥	O	O
蚀	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
淤	O	O
积	O	O
于	O	O
排	O	O
碱	O	O
渠	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
已	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
厂	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
还	O	O
算	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
忙	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
得	O	O
焦	O	O
头	O	O
烂	O	O
额	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
到	O	O
晚	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
不	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
。	O	O
忙	O	O
的	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
和	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
又	O	O
都	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
至	O	O
关	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
说	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
静	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
、	O	O
听	O	O
听	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
联	O	O
播	O	O
”	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
看	O	O
。	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
晚	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
人	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
才	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
抓	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
坐	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
给	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
“	O	O
充	O	O
电	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
总	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
。	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
讲	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
讲	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
”	O	O
被	O	O
摆	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
与	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
汲	O	O
取	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
只	O	O
凭	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
从	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
取	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
就	O	O
无	O	O
形	O	O
中	O	O
给	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
了	O	O
围	O	O
墙	O	O
，	O	O
禁	O	O
锢	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
和	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
所	O	O
派	O	O
生	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
粗	O	O
放	O	O
型	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
与	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
木	O	O
桶	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
能	O	O
盛	O	O
水	O	O
装	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
木	O	O
桶	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
块	O	O
木	O	O
板	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
地	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
方	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
面	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
都	O	O
分	O	O
管	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
或	O	O
几	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
将	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
地	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
卓	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
，	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
善	O	O
记	O	O
愿	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
没	O	O
活	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
活	O	O
没	O	O
人	O	O
干	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
少	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
少	O	O
些	O	O
！	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
童	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
头	O	O
长	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
分	O	O
选	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
去	O	O
听	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
课	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
宿	O	O
舍	O	O
就	O	O
给	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
听	O	O
课	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
讲	O	O
。	O	O
渐	O	O
渐	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
打	O	O
架	O	O
争	O	O
吵	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
上	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
相	O	O
处	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
出	O	O
外	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
大	B	B
连	E	E
。	O	O
听	O	O
了	O	O
丁	O	O
某	O	O
的	O	O
叙	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
越	O	O
发	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
钱	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
和	O	O
累	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
挺	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
最	O	O
忧	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
拿	O	O
到	O	O
或	O	O
足	O	O
额	O	O
拿	O	O
到	O	O
工	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
煎	O	O
熬	O	O
中	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
原	O	O
先	O	O
讲	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
头	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
付	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
分	O	O
文	O	O
没	O	O
付	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
工	O	O
钱	O	O
付	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
有	O	O
二	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
打	O	O
碎	O	O
７	O	O
块	O	O
地	O	O
板	O	O
砖	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
打	O	O
碎	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
样	O	O
算	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
扣	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
啊	O	O
？	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
会	O	O
出	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
押	O	O
金	O	O
扣	O	O
下	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
生	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
报	O	O
考	O	O
了	O	O
湖	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
省	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
平	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
竟	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
滑	O	O
铁	O	O
卢	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
没	O	O
被	O	O
录	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
无	O	O
功	O	O
而	O	O
返	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
获	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
采	O	O
撷	O	O
和	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
会	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
坚	O	O
信	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
会	O	O
越	O	O
走	O	O
越	O	O
宽	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
湖	B	B
北	E	E
武	B	B
汉	M	M
市	E	E
青	B	O
山	M	O
区	E	O
范	O	O
卫	O	O
青	O	O
）	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
癫	O	O
痫	O	O
病	O	O
诊	O	O
治	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
历	O	O
尽	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
阅	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
验	O	O
方	O	O
及	O	O
论	O	O
著	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
家	O	O
传	O	O
验	O	O
方	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
通	O	O
经	O	O
活	O	O
络	O	O
、	O	O
祛	O	O
痰	O	O
活	O	O
血	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
窍	O	O
宁	O	O
心	O	O
之	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
味	O	O
中	O	O
草	O	O
药	O	O
逐	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
筛	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
痫	O	O
速	O	O
康	O	O
”	O	O
配	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
郑	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
管	O	O
城	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
癫	O	O
痫	O	O
病	O	O
专	O	O
科	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
“	O	O
痫	O	O
速	O	O
康	O	O
”	O	O
诊	O	O
治	O	O
癫	O	O
痫	O	O
病	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
河	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
不	O	O
胜	O	O
枚	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
斌	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
郑	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
新	O	O
长	O	O
征	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
河	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
十	O	O
大	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
唐	O	O
德	O	O
立	O	O
张	O	O
珂	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
大	O	O
雾	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
强	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
入	O	O
侵	O	O
，	O	O
暖	O	O
湿	O	O
气	O	O
流	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
中	O	O
湿	O	O
度	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
早	O	O
晚	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
降	O	O
温	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
近	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
层	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
水	O	O
汽	O	O
凝	O	O
结	O	O
而	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
大	O	O
雾	O	O
。	O	O
雾	O	O
是	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
诱	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
史	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
难	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
伴	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
雾	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
浓	O	O
雾	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
港	O	O
瘫	O	O
痪	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
沪	O	O
杭	O	O
一	O	O
带	O	O
大	O	O
雾	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
两	O	O
地	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
停	O	O
航	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
滞	O	O
留	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
满	O	O
为	O	O
患	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
逆	O	O
转	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
不	O	O
渝	O	O
地	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
碰	O	O
壁	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
与	O	O
南	B	B
非	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
建	O	O
交	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
又	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
邦	O	O
交	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
上	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
来	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
赴	O	O
台	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
为	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
继	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
，	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
厦	B	B
门	E	E
与	O	O
高	B	O
雄	E	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
直	O	O
航	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
与	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
就	O	O
港	O	O
台	O	O
海	O	O
运	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
下	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
港	O	O
台	O	O
海	O	O
运	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
畅	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
港	O	O
台	O	O
及	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
；	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
通	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
台	O	O
商	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
极	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
顽	O	O
固	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
台	O	O
独	O	O
”	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
各	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
同	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
切	O	O
身	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
投	O	O
身	O	O
到	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
台	O	O
独	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
交	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
将	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
万	O	O
紫	O	O
千	O	O
红	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
春	O	O
霍	O	O
英	O	O
东	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
（	O	O
３	O	O
名	O	O
）	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
（	O	O
５	O	O
名	O	O
）	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
创	O	O
航	O	O
运	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
董	O	O
玖	O	O
丰	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
船	O	O
级	O	O
社	O	O
社	O	O
长	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
经	O	O
验	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
赵	O	O
家	O	O
治	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
吉	O	O
林	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
契	O	O
机	O	O
杨	O	O
松	O	O
华	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
副	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
的	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
的	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
像	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
的	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
描	O	O
绘	O	O
蓝	O	O
图	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
强	O	O
盛	O	O
、	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
会	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
又	O	O
将	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
愿	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
『	O	O
看	O	O
』	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
香	O	B
港	O	E
贸	O	O
易	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
局	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
玩	O	O
具	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	E
会	M	O
议	M	O
展	M	O
览	M	O
中	M	O
心	E	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
玩	O	O
具	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
参	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
较	O	O
上	O	O
届	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
目	O	O
前	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
玩	O	O
具	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
玩	O	O
具	O	O
商	O	O
展	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
玩	O	O
具	O	O
布	O	O
娃	O	O
娃	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
靠	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
门	O	O
靠	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
踏	O	O
足	O	O
异	O	O
域	O	O
他	O	O
乡	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
以	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
团	O	O
也	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
也	O	O
日	O	O
趋	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
都	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
总	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
华	O	O
侨	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
社	O	O
团	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
已	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
届	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
１	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
社	O	O
团	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
百	O	O
福	O	O
并	O	O
臻	O	O
、	O	O
千	O	O
祥	O	O
云	O	O
集	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
、	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
、	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
五	O	O
个	O	O
昆	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
团	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
昆	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
团	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
赴	O	O
宝	O	O
岛	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
天	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
公	O	O
演	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
昆	O	O
剧	O	O
热	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
是	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
政	O	O
权	O	O
交	O	O
接	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
有	O	O
长	O	O
足	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
性	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
官	O	O
方	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
等	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
交	O	O
接	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
“	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
”	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
台	B	B
湾	M	E
地	M	O
区	E	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
较	O	O
前	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
台	B	O
湾	E	O
省	O	O
辖	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
台	B	B
北	M	M
市	E	E
人	O	O
口	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
高	B	O
雄	M	O
市	E	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
县	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
台	B	O
北	M	O
县	E	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
台	B	B
湾	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
总	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
台	B	B
湾	M	E
地	M	O
区	E	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
为	O	O
每	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
台	B	B
北	M	M
市	E	E
人	O	O
口	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
每	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
（	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
）	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
锦	O	O
胜	O	O
）	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
（	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
）	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
到	O	O
会	O	O
就	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
朝	O	O
着	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
由	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
通	O	O
胀	O	O
”	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
通	O	O
胀	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
；	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
买	O	O
方	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
；	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
都	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
为	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
于	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
已	O	O
经	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
林	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
等	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
；	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
买	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
和	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
；	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
改	O	O
一	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
止	O	O
跌	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
国	O	O
胜	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
出	O	O
海	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
怀	O	O
念	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
开	O	O
启	O	O
国	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
船	O	O
下	O	O
海	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
与	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
弱	O	O
对	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
低	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
少	O	O
对	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
对	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
（	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
厂	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
约	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
韩	O	B
国	O	E
现	O	O
代	O	O
重	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
宇	O	O
重	O	O
工	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
和	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
造	O	O
船	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
就	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
造	O	O
船	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
先	O	O
从	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
院	O	O
所	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
搜	O	O
集	O	O
、	O	O
翻	O	O
译	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
七	O	O
大	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
船	O	O
级	O	O
社	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
册	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
船	O	O
厂	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
对	O	O
口	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
厂	O	O
际	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
按	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
船	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
岗	O	O
前	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
接	O	O
轨	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
起	O	O
点	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
：	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
与	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
昙	O	O
花	O	O
一	O	O
现	O	O
或	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
性	O	O
衰	O	O
竭	O	O
的	O	O
噩	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
走	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
造	O	O
修	O	O
船	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
和	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
船	O	O
厂	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
老	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
薄	O	O
弱	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
量	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
存	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
沉	O	O
淀	O	O
的	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
船	O	O
重	O	O
心	O	O
东	O	O
移	O	O
逼	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
运	O	O
界	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
该	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
能	O	O
抱	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
娃	O	O
娃	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
呢	O	O
！	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
因	O	O
循	O	O
守	O	O
旧	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
用	O	O
来	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
畏	O	O
首	O	O
畏	O	O
尾	O	O
，	O	O
裹	O	O
足	O	O
不	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	M
市	O	E
南	O	B
京	O	M
东	O	M
路	O	E
街	O	O
道	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
大	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
孤	O	O
老	O	O
和	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
南	O	B
京	O	M
路	O	E
上	O	O
好	O	O
八	O	O
连	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
顶	O	O
着	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
细	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
大	O	O
米	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
王	O	O
财	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
包	O	O
爱	O	O
清	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
家	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
连	O	O
连	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
飞	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
韩	O	O
钟	O	O
（	O	O
昆	O	O
音	O	O
）	O	O
省	O	O
直	O	O
属	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
物	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
包	O	O
干	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
；	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
、	O	O
佛	B	B
山	E	E
、	O	O
珠	B	B
海	E	E
等	O	O
七	O	O
个	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
较	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
○	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
以	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
把	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
村	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
攻	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
共	O	O
富	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
村	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
率	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
袁	O	O
启	O	O
彤	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
福	O	O
建	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
贺	O	O
国	O	O
强	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
省	O	O
长	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
颜	O	O
世	O	O
贵	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
北	B	O
京	M	O
市	E	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
交	O	O
再	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
贾	O	O
庆	O	O
林	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
日	O	O
猛	O	O
升	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
港	O	O
股	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
反	O	O
弹	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
升	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
市	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
攀	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
升	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
市	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
位	O	O
收	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
日	O	O
升	O	O
幅	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
与	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
冯	O	O
霄	O	O
）	O	O
湖	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
全	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
大	O	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
筹	O	O
措	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
架	O	O
设	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
千	O	O
伏	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
风	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
机	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
或	O	O
续	O	O
建	O	O
输	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
项	O	O
。	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
四	O	O
论	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
松	O	O
口	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
放	O	O
松	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
隐	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
不	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
脆	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
天	O	O
吃	O	O
饭	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
待	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
会	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
黄	O	O
镇	O	O
东	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
里	O	O
程	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
二	O	O
级	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
专	O	O
用	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
吞	O	O
吐	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
将	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
深	O	O
水	O	O
泊	O	O
位	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
丛	O	O
亚	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
到	O	O
会	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
了	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
侯	O	O
捷	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
稳	O	O
妥	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
而	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
贷	O	O
存	O	O
比	O	O
为	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
外	O	O
币	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
现	O	O
汇	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
余	O	O
额	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
贷	O	O
存	O	O
比	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
卡	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
卡	O	O
量	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
额	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
四	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
获	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
滑	O	O
坡	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
朝	O	O
阳	O	O
区	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
局	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
（	O	O
高	O	O
健	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
海	B	B
口	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
传	O	O
宣	O	O
）	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
汛	O	O
抗	O	O
旱	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
部	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
海	B	B
口	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	E
、	O	O
海	B	B
河	E	E
、	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
、	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
、	O	O
珠	B	B
江	E	E
等	O	O
大	O	O
江	O	O
大	O	O
河	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
涝	O	O
抗	O	O
旱	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
汇	O	O
聚	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
，	O	O
共	O	O
商	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
汛	O	O
抗	O	O
旱	O	O
夺	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
大	O	O
计	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
对	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
员	O	O
史	O	O
照	O	O
栋	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赵	O	O
忠	O	O
生	O	O
武	O	O
定	O	O
远	O	O
常	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
政	O	O
工	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
应	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
引	O	O
路	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
阅	O	O
读	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
宣	O	O
言	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
选	O	O
集	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
等	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
袖	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
传	O	O
记	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
笔	O	O
记	O	O
和	O	O
心	O	O
得	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
撰	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
用	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
照	O	O
亮	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
演	O	O
讲	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
众	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
武	O	O
定	O	O
远	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
队	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
宽	O	O
眼	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
退	O	O
伍	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
局	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
到	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
、	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
违	O	O
章	O	O
者	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
说	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
你	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
陈	O	O
述	O	O
和	O	O
申	O	O
辩	O	O
（	O	O
杨	O	O
国	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
交	O	O
警	O	O
的	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
新	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
与	O	O
否	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
武	B	O
汉	E	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
交	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
向	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
型	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
交	O	O
管	O	O
局	O	O
还	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
警	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
所	O	O
临	O	O
街	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
跟	O	O
队	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
伤	O	O
亡	O	O
率	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
性	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
造	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
并	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
治	O	O
标	O	O
治	O	O
本	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
路	O	O
已	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
萍	B	O
乡	E	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
山	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
庭	O	O
临	O	O
沂	O	O
河	O	O
东	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
把	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
倾	O	O
注	O	O
到	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
孟	O	O
祥	O	O
芬	O	O
与	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
双	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
徐	O	O
跃	O	O
起	O	O
结	O	O
缘	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
小	O	O
跃	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
她	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
却	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
哭	O	O
着	O	O
找	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
。	O	O
季	O	O
音	O	O
或	O	O
许	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
套	O	O
话	O	O
充	O	O
其	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
些	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
纸	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
无	O	O
大	O	O
碍	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
言	O	O
套	O	O
话	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
窒	O	O
息	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
避	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
。	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
是	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
套	O	O
话	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
僵	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
前	O	O
无	O	O
古	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
与	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
层	O	O
出	O	O
不	O	O
穷	O	O
，	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
去	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
与	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
言	O	O
套	O	O
话	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
蓬	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
格	O	O
格	O	O
不	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
不	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
写	O	O
套	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
也	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
少	O	O
说	O	O
套	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
河	B	B
西	E	E
千	O	O
里	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
了	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
了	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
由	O	O
点	O	O
到	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
片	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
新	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
了	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
晓	O	O
钟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
建	O	O
社	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
何	O	O
鲁	O	O
丽	O	O
及	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
志	O	O
毅	O	O
刘	O	O
星	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
绥	O	O
北	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
所	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
才	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
伙	O	O
人	O	O
昨	O	O
晚	O	O
偷	O	O
偷	O	O
摸	O	O
摸	O	O
入	O	O
住	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
新	O	O
立	O	O
旅	O	O
社	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
当	O	O
晚	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
要	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
偷	O	O
渡	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
所	O	O
长	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
调	O	O
集	O	O
警	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
立	O	O
旅	O	O
社	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
密	O	O
监	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
通	O	O
往	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
道	O	O
口	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
封	O	O
锁	O	O
堵	O	O
截	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
偷	O	O
渡	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
悄	O	O
悄	O	O
从	O	O
旅	O	O
社	O	O
溜	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
越	O	O
境	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
我	O	O
严	O	O
阵	O	O
以	O	O
待	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
当	O	O
场	O	O
抓	O	O
获	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
蛇	O	O
头	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
偷	O	O
渡	O	O
者	O	O
无	O	O
一	O	O
漏	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
绥	O	O
北	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
漂	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
歼	O	O
灭	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
雪	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
孟	O	O
宪	O	O
励	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
满	O	O
瑞	O	O
雪	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	E
美	M	O
术	M	O
馆	E	O
以	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
展	O	O
厅	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
件	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
胡	O	O
宁	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
与	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
中	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
介	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
力	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
义	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
矩	O	O
阵	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
量	O	O
子	O	O
电	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
能	O	O
多	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
强	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
强	O	O
子	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
层	O	O
子	O	O
模	O	O
型	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
流	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
学	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
湍	O	O
流	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
曾	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
高	O	O
能	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
相	O	O
对	O	O
论	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
与	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
数	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
家	O	O
潘	O	O
承	O	O
洞	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
医	O	O
治	O	O
无	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
逝	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
呼	O	O
唤	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
『	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
』	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
给	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
写	O	O
来	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
院	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
为	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
高	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
该	O	O
院	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
力	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
震	O	O
区	O	O
初	O	O
雪	O	O
夜	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
赵	O	O
荣	O	O
福	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
黑	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
搭	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
炉	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
灯	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
吃	O	O
、	O	O
住	O	O
、	O	O
穿	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
掏	O	O
心	O	O
窝	O	O
子	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
连	O	O
夜	O	O
风	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
骤	O	O
降	O	O
。	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
让	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
让	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
却	O	O
在	O	O
雪	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
风	O	O
餐	O	O
露	O	O
宿	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
晓	O	O
夏	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
稿	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
张	B	B
北	M	M
县	E	E
大	B	B
河	M	M
乡	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
鞭	O	O
炮	O	O
声	O	O
、	O	O
欢	O	O
笑	O	O
声	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
传	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
西	B	O
胡	M	O
同	M	O
村	E	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
贺	O	O
如	O	O
兵	O	O
在	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
婚	O	O
礼	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
志	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
秀	O	O
娟	O	O
）	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
前	O	O
线	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
在	O	O
京	B	B
城	E	E
引	O	O
起	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
前	O	O
话	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
”	O	O
也	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
界	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
界	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
《	O	O
虎	O	O
踞	O	O
钟	B	B
山	E	E
》	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
建	O	O
徽	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
朝	B	O
鲜	E	O
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
宴	O	O
会	O	O
朱	O	O
昌	O	O
骏	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
致	O	O
词	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
朝	B	O
鲜	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
唐	O	O
家	O	O
璇	O	O
在	O	O
致	O	O
词	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
的	O	O
朝	B	O
鲜	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
金	O	O
正	O	O
日	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
归	O	O
通	O	O
昌	O	O
张	O	O
兴	O	O
华	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
仪	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
率	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
斐	B	O
济	E	O
和	O	O
萨	B	O
摩	M	O
亚	E	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
扎	O	O
根	O	O
乡	O	O
土	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
班	O	O
”	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
信	B	O
阳	E	O
把	O	O
千	O	O
余	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
送	O	O
入	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
班	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
致	O	O
信	O	O
地	O	O
委	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
焦	O	O
锦	O	O
淼	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
所	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
程	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
农	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
学	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
村	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
备	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
科	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
后	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
向	O	O
炜	O	O
）	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
也	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
赈	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
嘉	O	O
诚	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
福	O	O
善	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
香	O	B
港	O	E
建	O	O
筑	O	O
署	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
陆	O	O
军	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
、	O	O
航	O	O
运	O	O
、	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
等	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
向	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
质	O	O
询	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
均	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
详	O	O
尽	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
答	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
广	O	O
西	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
与	O	O
广	O	O
西	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
厂	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
向	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
赠	O	O
送	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
《	O	O
白	O	O
骆	O	O
驼	O	O
》	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
片	O	O
拷	O	O
贝	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
周	O	O
光	O	O
召	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
卢	O	O
良	O	O
恕	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
振	O	O
声	O	O
、	O	O
汪	O	O
懋	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
连	O	O
铮	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
慧	O	O
等	O	O
９	O	O
位	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
题	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
同	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
要	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
等	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
急	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
型	O	O
号	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
长	O	O
征	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
率	O	O
上	O	O
赶	O	O
上	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
、	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
等	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
急	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
号	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
小	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
；	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
预	O	O
先	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
跟	O	O
踪	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
，	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
●	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
陈	O	O
至	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
受	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
欠	O	O
账	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
还	O	O
远	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
：	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
缺	O	O
口	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
中	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
房	O	O
户	O	O
和	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
户	O	O
；	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
和	O	O
较	O	O
差	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
滞	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
部	O	O
委	O	O
所	O	O
属	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
又	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
滞	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
所	O	O
属	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
；	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
尤	O	O
为	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
也	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
太	B	B
原	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
教	O	O
科	O	O
文	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
山	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
的	O	O
平	B	B
遥	E	E
古	O	O
城	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
名	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
论	O	O
证	O	O
后	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
平	B	O
遥	E	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
境	O	O
内	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
古	O	O
代	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
汉	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
在	O	O
明	O	O
清	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
非	O	O
同	O	O
寻	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
及	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
画	O	O
卷	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
在	O	O
天	O	O
涯	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
南	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
余	O	O
让	O	O
水	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
热	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
热	O	O
农	O	O
大	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
部	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
及	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
破	O	O
除	O	O
愚	O	O
昧	O	O
迷	O	O
信	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
《	O	O
破	O	O
除	O	O
迷	O	O
信	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
名	O	O
将	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
在	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
泳	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
再	O	O
显	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
本	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
秒	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
夺	O	O
冠	O	O
并	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
师	O	O
从	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
的	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
科	O	O
利	O	O
姆	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
弗	O	O
罗	O	O
兰	O	O
德	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
。	O	O
太	O	O
原	O	O
军	O	O
分	O	O
区	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
赴	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
义	O	O
诊	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	O	O
立	O	O
群	O	O
按	O	O
预	O	O
赛	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
妍	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
泳	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
哥	B	B
斯	M	M
达	M	M
黎	M	M
加	E	E
的	O	O
波	O	O
尔	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
泳	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
韩	O	O
冰	O	O
岩	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
波	O	O
尔	O	O
耐	O	O
力	O	O
好	O	O
而	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
嘱	O	O
咐	O	O
陈	O	O
妍	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
时	O	O
前	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
粘	O	O
住	O	O
波	O	O
尔	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
冲	O	O
刺	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
夺	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
性	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
运	O	O
鹏	O	O
还	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
妍	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
独	O	O
一	O	O
无	O	O
二	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
泳	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
呼	O	O
吸	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
打	O	O
腿	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
陈	O	O
妍	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
呼	O	O
吸	O	O
、	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
打	O	O
腿	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
短	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
提	O	O
升	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
消	O	O
耗	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
上	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
则	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
超	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
忍	O	O
受	O	O
缺	O	O
氧	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
极	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
韩	O	O
冰	O	O
岩	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
在	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
中	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
氧	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
陈	O	O
妍	O	O
攻	O	O
克	O	O
了	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
男	O	O
篮	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
队	O	O
客	O	O
场	O	O
告	O	O
负	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
艘	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
拉	O	O
特	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
破	O	O
旧	O	O
货	O	O
船	O	O
在	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
南	O	O
部	O	O
卡	B	B
拉	M	M
布	M	M
里	M	M
亚	E	E
海	O	O
岸	O	O
搁	O	O
浅	O	O
。	O	O
船	O	O
上	O	O
载	O	O
着	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
、	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
和	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
的	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
名	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
库	O	O
尔	O	O
德	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
收	O	O
容	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
艘	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
梅	O	O
塔	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
货	O	O
轮	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
载	O	O
着	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
为	O	O
库	O	O
尔	O	O
德	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
南	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
为	O	O
意	O	O
方	O	O
接	O	O
纳	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
避	O	O
难	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
有	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
申	O	O
根	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
已	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
是	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
荷	B	B
兰	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
北	B	B
欧	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	O
国	E	O
闻	O	O
讯	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
坎	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
名	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
没	O	O
有	O	O
防	O	O
护	O	O
好	O	O
申	O	O
根	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
边	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
纵	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
移	O	O
居	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
。	O	O
而	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
则	O	O
声	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
库	B	B
尔	M	M
德	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
处	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
土	O	O
耳	O	O
其	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
也	O	O
抨	O	O
击	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
将	O	O
助	O	O
长	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
偷	O	O
渡	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
库	B	B
尔	M	M
德	E	E
人	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
移	O	O
居	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
只	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
科	O	O
尔	O	O
和	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
普	O	O
罗	O	O
迪	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
互	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
涌	O	O
向	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
。	O	O
普	O	O
罗	O	O
迪	O	O
许	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
将	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
在	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
的	O	O
库	B	B
尔	M	M
德	E	E
人	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
申	O	O
根	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
申	O	O
根	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
希	B	B
腊	E	E
和	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
的	O	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
在	O	O
罗	B	O
马	E	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
库	B	B
尔	M	M
德	E	E
难	O	O
民	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
就	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
偷	O	O
渡	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
卫	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
边	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
波	B	B
恩	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
为	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
与	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
桑	O	O
特	O	O
向	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
马	B	B
耳	M	M
他	E	E
对	O	O
外	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
马	O	O
同	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
和	O	O
地	B	B
中	M	M
海	E	E
南	O	O
岸	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
地	B	B
中	M	M
海	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
代	O	O
表	O	O
在	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
应	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
与	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
及	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
应	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
局	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
核	O	O
对	O	O
可	O	O
疑	O	O
的	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
武	O	O
器	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
由	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
在	O	O
伊	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
社	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
朝	O	O
代	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
深	O	O
切	O	O
同	O	O
情	O	O
美	O	O
声	O	O
称	O	O
不	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
单	O	O
独	O	O
对	O	O
伊	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
坐	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
先	O	O
决	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
塔	O	O
利	O	O
班	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
释	O	O
放	O	O
己	O	O
方	O	O
被	O	O
俘	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
；	O	O
反	O	O
塔	O	O
利	O	O
班	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
则	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
塔	O	O
利	O	O
班	O	O
撤	O	O
出	O	O
喀	B	B
布	M	M
尔	E	E
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
喀	B	O
城	E	O
非	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
回	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
谁	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
提	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
决	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
只	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
由	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
选	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
兰	E	E
学	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
迹	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
塔	O	O
利	O	O
班	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
总	O	O
算	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
与	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
数	O	O
次	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
阿	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
转	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
从	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
木	M	M
图	E	E
迁	O	O
往	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
阿	B	B
克	M	M
莫	M	M
拉	E	E
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
均	O	O
迁	O	O
往	O	O
新	O	O
都	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
阿	B	B
克	M	M
莫	M	M
拉	E	E
冬	O	O
季	O	O
漫	O	O
长	O	O
而	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
在	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
给	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
委	B	B
内	M	M
瑞	M	M
拉	E	E
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
应	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
，	O	O
求	O	O
得	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
于	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
拉	O	O
丁	O	O
美	O	O
洲	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
议	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
委	B	B
内	M	M
瑞	M	M
拉	E	E
众	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
亨	O	O
利	O	O
・	O	O
本	O	O
西	O	O
德	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
省	M	E
汕	M	O
头	M	O
经	M	O
济	M	O
特	M	O
区	E	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
与	O	O
委	B	B
内	M	M
瑞	M	M
拉	E	E
的	O	O
巴	B	B
伦	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
姐	O	O
妹	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
波	B	O
图	M	O
格	M	O
萨	M	B
州	E	E
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
瓜	B	B
那	M	M
雷	M	M
斯	E	M
与	O	E
湖	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
的	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
界	E	E
、	O	O
卡	B	B
拉	M	M
沃	M	M
沃	M	M
州	E	E
的	O	O
卡	B	O
贝	M	O
略	M	O
港	E	O
与	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
的	O	O
汕	B	B
头	M	M
市	E	E
结	O	O
为	O	O
姐	O	O
妹	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
加	B	B
拉	M	M
加	M	M
斯	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
梅	O	O
内	O	O
姆	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
。	O	O
他	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
西	B	B
安	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
符	O	O
福	O	O
渊	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
德	O	O
武	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
散	O	O
发	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
六	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	M
张	M	M
家	M	M
口	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
及	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
即	O	O
刻	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
晚	O	O
间	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
达	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
急	O	O
需	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
、	O	O
棉	O	O
被	O	O
和	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
拨	O	O
出	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
函	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
纳	O	O
拉	O	O
亚	O	O
南	O	O
、	O	O
马	B	B
尔	M	M
代	M	M
夫	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
加	O	O
尧	O	O
姆	O	O
、	O	O
孟	B	B
加	M	M
拉	M	M
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
谢	O	O
哈	O	O
布	O	O
丁	O	O
、	O	O
土	B	B
库	M	M
曼	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
佐	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
佛	B	B
得	M	M
角	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
蒙	O	O
泰	O	O
罗	O	O
、	O	O
尼	B	O
日	M	O
利	M	O
亚	E	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
元	O	O
首	O	O
兼	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
总	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
阿	O	O
巴	O	O
查	O	O
将	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
摩	B	B
洛	M	M
哥	E	E
国	O	O
王	O	O
哈	O	O
桑	O	O
二	O	O
世	O	O
、	O	O
利	B	B
比	M	M
亚	E	E
“	O	O
九	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
卡	O	O
扎	O	O
菲	O	O
、	O	O
罗	B	B
马	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
康	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
丁	O	O
内	O	O
斯	O	O
库	O	O
。	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
电	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
越	O	O
南	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
潘	O	O
文	O	O
凯	O	O
、	O	O
孟	B	B
加	M	M
拉	M	M
国	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
哈	O	O
西	O	O
娜	O	O
。	O	O
多	O	B
伦	O	M
多	O	E
华	O	O
人	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
加	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
学	O	O
人	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
枫	O	O
华	O	O
园	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
和	O	O
多	O	O
伦	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
联	O	O
谊	O	O
会	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
募	O	O
捐	O	O
赈	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
已	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
赈	O	O
灾	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
募	O	O
捐	O	O
和	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
等	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
德	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
同	O	O
犹	O	O
太	O	O
索	O	O
赔	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
轮	O	O
商	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
向	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
纳	O	O
粹	O	O
迫	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
东	M	M
欧	E	E
幸	O	O
存	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
商	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
德	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
向	O	O
犹	O	O
太	O	O
索	O	O
赔	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
将	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
属	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
总	O	O
计	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
用	O	O
养	O	O
老	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
约	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
额	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
给	O	O
中	B	B
东	M	M
欧	E	E
大	O	O
约	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
过	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
的	O	O
受	O	O
害	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
阿	B	B
比	M	M
让	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
贵	O	O
兰	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
非	O	B
洲	O	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
卡	O	O
巴	O	O
伊	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
向	O	O
非	O	B
洲	O	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
驻	O	O
科	B	O
特	M	O
迪	M	O
瓦	E	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
略	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
常	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
其	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
向	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
所	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
汇	O	O
市	O	O
在	O	O
低	O	O
迷	O	O
多	O	O
日	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
双	O	O
双	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
反	O	O
弹	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
华	O	O
新	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
旅	O	O
奥	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
吴	O	O
泽	O	O
洲	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
族	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
虎	O	O
年	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
在	O	O
奥	O	B
地	O	M
利	O	E
维	O	B
也	O	M
纳	O	E
音	O	O
乐	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
族	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
圣	O	O
殿	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
风	O	O
采	O	O
。	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
巴	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
高	O	O
息	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
了	O	O
阿	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
崩	O	O
溃	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
积	O	O
蓄	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
最	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
示	O	O
威	O	O
游	O	O
行	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
劫	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
烧	O	O
毁	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
间	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
多	O	O
起	O	O
流	O	O
血	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
示	O	O
威	O	O
者	O	O
还	O	O
抢	O	O
夺	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
枪	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
围	O	O
并	O	O
烧	O	O
毁	O	O
了	O	O
贝	O	B
里	O	M
沙	O	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
邸	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
将	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
归	O	O
还	O	O
给	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
示	O	O
威	O	O
者	O	O
还	O	O
喊	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
下	O	O
台	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
血	O	O
汗	O	O
钱	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
乌	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
示	O	O
威	O	O
游	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
。	O	O
示	O	O
威	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
高	O	O
息	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
之	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
推	O	O
卸	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
虽	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
贸	O	O
工	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
讲	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
英	O	O
携	O	O
手	O	O
共	O	O
创	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
揭	O	O
幕	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
英	O	O
携	O	O
手	O	O
共	O	O
创	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
英	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
哼	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
买	O	O
这	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
时	O	O
你	O	O
还	O	O
嫌	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
了	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
量	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
蛋	O	O
、	O	O
奶	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
六	O	O
大	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
与	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
递	O	O
增	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
蛋	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
量	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
或	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
趋	O	O
向	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
繁	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
初	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
精	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
品	O	O
琳	O	O
琅	O	O
满	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
淡	O	O
季	O	O
不	O	O
淡	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
及	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
性	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
蛋	O	O
、	O	O
奶	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
六	O	O
类	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
已	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
连	O	O
接	O	O
和	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
集	O	O
散	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
集	O	O
贸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
、	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
买	O	O
菜	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陶	O	O
源	O	O
明	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
闵	O	O
耀	O	O
良	O	O
（	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
司	O	O
司	O	O
长	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
于	O	O
大	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
与	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
郊	O	O
区	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
与	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
农	O	O
区	O	O
大	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
和	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
）	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
硬	O	O
件	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
与	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
）	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
多	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
购	O	O
销	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
３	O	O
）	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
性	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
适	O	O
度	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
孟	O	O
学	O	O
农	O	O
（	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
抓	O	O
了	O	O
四	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
菜	O	O
田	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
已	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
６	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
性	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
源	O	O
集	O	O
散	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
无	O	O
证	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
撤	O	O
销	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
占	O	O
路	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
。	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
价	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
、	O	O
灵	O	O
敏	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
与	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
赵	O	O
其	O	O
林	O	O
（	O	O
山	O	B
西	O	M
省	O	E
运	O	B
城	O	M
地	O	M
区	O	E
建	O	O
筑	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
吃	O	O
菜	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
春	O	O
天	O	O
是	O	O
青	O	O
黄	O	O
不	O	O
接	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
吃	O	O
冬	O	O
天	O	O
储	O	O
藏	O	O
的	O	O
萝	O	O
卜	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
白	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
油	O	O
泼	O	O
辣	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
等	O	O
菜	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
四	O	O
季	O	O
青	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
鲜	O	O
菜	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
繁	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
九	O	O
寒	O	O
天	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
买	O	O
到	O	O
蒜	O	O
薹	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
瓜	O	O
、	O	O
茄	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
西	O	O
红	O	O
柿	O	O
、	O	O
豆	O	O
角	O	O
、	O	O
芹	O	O
菜	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
的	O	O
猪	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
、	O	O
羊	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
宰	O	O
鸡	O	O
、	O	O
活	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
干	O	O
虾	O	O
、	O	O
鲜	O	O
鸡	O	O
蛋	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
任	O	O
你	O	O
挑	O	O
来	O	O
任	O	O
你	O	O
拣	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
随	O	O
吃	O	O
随	O	O
买	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
冬	O	O
菜	O	O
的	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
犯	O	O
难	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
文	O	O
宝	O	O
（	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
抓	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
供	O	O
求	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
采	O	O
集	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
硬	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
了	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
肉	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
禽	O	O
蛋	O	O
、	O	O
奶	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
倍	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
倍	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
倍	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
倍	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
倍	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
量	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
肉	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
、	O	O
禽	O	O
蛋	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
奶	O	O
类	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
量	O	O
都	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
或	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
右	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	E
浦	M	B
东	M	E
新	M	O
区	M	O
孙	M	O
桥	M	O
现	M	O
代	M	O
农	M	O
业	M	O
开	M	O
发	M	O
区	E	O
。	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
目	O	O
共	O	O
睹	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
要	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
多	O	O
边	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
与	O	O
浦	B	B
东	E	E
新	O	O
区	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
姿	O	O
态	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
宽	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
新	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
为	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
还	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
还	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
陌	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
弱	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
还	O	O
大	O	O
有	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
可	O	O
做	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
于	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
与	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
而	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
要	O	O
靠	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
让	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
为	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
所	O	O
占	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
像	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
对	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
华	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
胜	O	O
有	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
胜	O	O
时	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
及	O	O
早	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
挣	O	O
脱	O	O
旧	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
手	O	O
脚	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
轻	O	O
易	O	O
被	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
所	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
已	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
免	O	O
征	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
税	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
扩	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
换	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
雄	O	O
厚	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
让	O	O
出	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
换	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
所	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
要	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
惯	O	O
例	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
都	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
让	O	O
出	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
引	O	O
来	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
因	O	O
噎	O	O
废	O	O
食	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
旦	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
：	O	O
眼	O	O
看	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
办	O	O
得	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
被	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
；	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
被	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
吃	O	O
掉	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
被	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
侵	O	O
犯	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
但	O	O
要	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
被	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
用	O	O
心	O	O
虽	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
而	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
；	O	O
就	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
来	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
投	O	O
资	O	O
是	O	O
看	O	O
中	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
廉	O	O
价	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
互	O	O
惠	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
只	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
我	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
你	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
赚	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
退	O	O
避	O	O
三	O	O
舍	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
达	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
所	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
的	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
来	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
区	O	O
别	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
辅	O	O
以	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
地	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
话	O	O
被	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
之	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
来	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
低	O	O
格	O	O
调	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
古	O	O
人	O	O
曾	O	O
将	O	O
“	O	O
廉	O	O
”	O	O
者	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
见	O	O
理	O	O
明	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
妄	O	O
为	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
尚	O	O
名	O	O
节	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
苟	O	O
取	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
畏	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
禄	O	O
位	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
取	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
古	O	O
代	O	O
“	O	O
廉	O	O
”	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
上	O	O
等	O	O
廉	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
为	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
基	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
和	O	O
名	O	O
声	O	O
而	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
害	O	O
怕	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
怕	O	O
丢	O	O
官	O	O
、	O	O
怕	O	O
坐	O	O
牢	O	O
而	O	O
廉	O	O
者	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
诚	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
称	O	O
颂	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
以	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
位	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
衡	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
要	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
崇	O	O
尚	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
声	O	O
、	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
和	O	O
节	O	O
操	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
有	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
盯	O	O
着	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
看	O	O
得	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
意	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
获	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
廉	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
如	O	O
行	O	O
云	O	O
流	O	O
水	O	O
般	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
做	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
态	O	O
和	O	O
勉	O	O
强	O	O
之	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
廉	O	O
而	O	O
自	O	O
忘	O	O
其	O	O
廉	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
人	O	O
高	O	O
其	O	O
行	O	O
服	O	O
其	O	O
德	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
应	O	O
是	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
倡	O	O
廉	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
期	O	O
盼	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
４	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
凉	B	B
山	E	E
人	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
地	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
勤	O	O
劳	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
！	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
凉	B	B
山	E	E
彝	O	O
族	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
近	O	O
设	O	O
点	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
昭	B	O
觉	M	O
县	E	O
碗	B	O
厂	M	O
乡	E	O
大	B	O
石	M	O
头	M	O
村	E	O
燕	B	O
麦	M	O
地	M	O
组	E	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
童	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
回	O	O
要	O	O
走	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
半	O	O
钟	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
泥	O	O
泞	O	O
山	O	O
路	O	O
去	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
明	O	O
忠	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
回	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
推	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
组	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
电	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
自	O	O
来	O	O
水	O	O
刚	O	O
安	O	O
到	O	O
每	O	O
家	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
明	O	O
忠	O	O
又	O	O
趁	O	O
热	O	O
打	O	O
铁	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
劈	O	O
山	O	O
开	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
齐	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
工	O	O
投	O	O
劳	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
冬	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
宽	O	O
约	O	O
６	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
从	O	O
山	O	O
里	O	O
伸	O	O
向	O	O
山	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
收	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
明	O	O
忠	O	O
又	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
架	O	O
设	O	O
输	O	O
电	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
线	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
架	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
夜	O	O
明	O	O
珠	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
落	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
着	O	O
最	O	O
短	O	O
女	O	O
上	O	O
衣	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
。	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
中	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
喜	O	O
用	O	O
白	O	O
色	O	O
绸	O	O
缎	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
喜	O	O
用	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
绸	O	O
缎	O	O
做	O	O
上	O	O
衣	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
衣	O	O
长	O	O
仅	O	O
及	O	O
腋	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
仅	O	O
盖	O	O
前	O	O
胸	O	O
中	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
领	O	O
无	O	O
扣	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
右	O	O
衽	O	O
衩	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
襟	O	O
边	O	O
各	O	O
缝	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
长	O	O
带	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
时	O	O
结	O	O
蝴	O	O
蝶	O	O
扣	O	O
，	O	O
余	O	O
下	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
长	O	O
垂	O	O
而	O	O
吊	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
走	O	O
时	O	O
款	O	O
款	O	O
而	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
轻	O	O
盈	O	O
飘	O	O
逸	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
富	O	O
装	O	O
饰	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
傣	O	O
族	O	O
、	O	O
景	O	O
颇	O	O
族	O	O
、	O	O
德	O	O
昂	O	O
族	O	O
等	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
上	O	O
衣	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
同	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
、	O	O
亚	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
长	O	O
无	O	O
冬	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
穿	O	O
易	O	O
于	O	O
散	O	O
热	O	O
凉	O	O
爽	O	O
的	O	O
衣	O	O
服	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
傣	O	O
族	O	O
内	O	O
虽	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
所	O	O
着	O	O
女	O	O
上	O	O
衣	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
用	O	O
料	O	O
、	O	O
色	O	O
调	O	O
上	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
素	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
象	O	O
乐	O	O
园	O	O
”	O	O
美	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
西	B	O
双	M	O
版	M	O
纳	E	O
，	O	O
傣	O	O
族	O	O
女	O	O
上	O	O
衣	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
长	O	O
及	O	O
上	O	O
腹	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
用	O	O
白	O	O
色	O	O
、	O	O
绯	O	O
色	O	O
或	O	O
蓝	O	O
色	O	O
布	O	O
和	O	O
绸	O	O
料	O	O
缝	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
领	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
襟	O	O
或	O	O
斜	O	O
襟	O	O
，	O	O
衣	O	O
袖	O	O
细	O	O
窄	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
好	O	O
能	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
手	O	O
臂	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
裙	O	O
束	O	O
在	O	O
腰	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
女	O	O
性	O	O
窈	O	O
窕	O	O
的	O	O
曲	O	O
线	O	O
之	O	O
美	O	O
与	O	O
西	B	O
双	M	O
版	M	O
纳	E	O
如	O	O
诗	O	O
如	O	O
画	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
雨	O	O
林	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
得	O	O
曼	O	O
妙	O	O
无	O	O
比	O	O
。	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
淘	O	O
粪	O	O
忙	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
风	O	O
足	O	O
有	O	O
五	O	O
六	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
飘	O	O
着	O	O
雪	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
到	O	O
迭	B	O
部	M	O
县	E	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
厕	O	O
所	O	O
旁	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
电	B	B
孕	M	M
乡	E	M
拉	B	M
路	M	M
村	E	E
的	O	O
四	O	O
五	O	O
位	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
，	O	O
头	O	O
扎	O	O
围	O	O
巾	O	O
，	O	O
戴	O	O
着	O	O
口	O	O
罩	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
用	O	O
拉	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
土	O	O
往	O	O
厕	O	O
所	O	O
里	O	O
倒	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
钻	O	O
进	O	O
厕	O	O
所	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
铁	O	O
锹	O	O
来	O	O
回	O	O
搅	O	O
拌	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
把	O	O
粪	O	O
土	O	O
装	O	O
上	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
庄	O	O
稼	O	O
一	O	O
枝	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
靠	O	O
肥	O	O
当	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
农	O	O
家	O	O
肥	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
脏	O	O
、	O	O
臭	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
它	O	O
含	O	O
有	O	O
氮	O	O
、	O	O
磷	O	O
、	O	O
钾	O	O
、	O	O
钙	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
庄	O	O
稼	O	O
人	O	O
种	O	O
粮	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
肥	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
藏	O	O
区	O	O
小	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
淘	O	O
粪	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
都	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
该	O	O
县	O	O
城	B	O
关	E	O
电	B	O
孕	M	O
乡	E	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
都	O	O
较	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
淘	O	O
粪	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
淘	O	O
粪	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
来	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
淘	O	O
粪	O	O
者	O	O
由	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
单	O	O
人	O	O
用	O	O
板	O	O
车	O	O
拉	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
拖	O	O
拉	O	O
机	O	O
装	O	O
运	O	O
。	O	O
林	O	O
汐	O	O
这	O	O
令	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
偶	O	O
然	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
桌	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
张	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
太	O	O
平	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
太	O	O
“	O	O
寒	O	O
酸	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
论	O	O
级	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
写	O	O
过	O	O
许	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
多	O	O
社	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
员	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
级	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
换	O	O
张	O	O
“	O	O
体	O	O
面	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
的	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
当	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
张	O	O
陪	O	O
伴	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
“	O	O
情	O	O
有	O	O
独	O	O
钟	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
间	O	O
整	O	O
洁	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
暖	O	O
暖	O	O
地	O	O
照	O	O
射	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
张	O	O
“	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
”	O	O
得	O	O
油	O	O
漆	O	O
尽	O	O
褪	O	O
的	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
和	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
桌	O	O
上	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
散	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
宁	O	O
静	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
绪	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
粒	O	O
粒	O	O
“	O	O
盘	O	O
中	O	O
餐	O	O
”	O	O
都	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
辛	O	O
勤	O	O
耕	O	O
作	O	O
在	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
。	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
小	O	O
伙	O	O
儿	O	O
热	O	O
瓦	O	O
甫	O	O
长	O	O
途	O	O
跋	O	O
涉	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
石	B	O
头	M	O
城	E	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
为	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
人	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
风	O	O
味	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
也	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
趟	O	O
远	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
白	O	O
跑	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
紧	O	O
不	O	O
慢	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
路	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
热	O	O
瓦	O	O
甫	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
往	O	O
西	O	O
走	O	O
。	O	O
莫	B	B
愁	M	M
湖	M	M
公	M	M
园	E	E
门	O	O
前	O	O
被	O	O
红	O	O
红	O	O
火	O	O
火	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
吃	O	O
摊	O	O
抢	O	O
了	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
热	O	O
瓦	O	O
甫	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
流	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
下	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
吆	O	O
喝	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
人	O	O
酿	O	O
制	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
干	O	O
是	O	O
颇	O	O
费	O	O
心	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
节	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
熟	O	O
透	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
被	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
用	O	O
井	O	O
水	O	O
一	O	O
遍	O	O
一	O	O
遍	O	O
洗	O	O
净	O	O
，	O	O
挂	O	O
进	O	O
四	O	O
面	O	O
通	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
蜂	O	O
巢	O	O
状	O	O
酿	O	O
房	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
晒	O	O
雾	O	O
浸	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
清	O	O
甜	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
瓦	O	O
甫	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
风	O	O
味	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
热	O	O
瓦	O	O
甫	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
真	O	O
饭	O	O
馆	O	O
聚	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
品	O	O
尝	O	O
着	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
果	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O
莎	O	O
阿	O	O
代	O	O
提	O	O
・	O	O
哈	O	O
米	O	O
提	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
是	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
原	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
哈	O	O
米	O	O
提	O	O
・	O	O
铁	O	O
木	O	O
尔	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
她	O	O
凭	O	O
着	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
阿	B	B
凡	M	M
提	M	M
大	M	M
叔	M	M
美	M	M
食	M	M
城	E	E
”	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
艾	O	O
力	O	O
肯	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
呼	O	O
伦	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
并	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
以	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
为	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
呼	B	B
伦	M	M
贝	M	M
尔	E	M
草	O	M
原	O	E
、	O	O
大	B	B
兴	M	M
安	M	M
岭	E	E
山	O	O
麓	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
俗	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
互	O	O
为	O	O
依	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
植	O	O
根	O	O
于	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
之	O	O
林	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
主	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
剧	O	O
曾	O	O
被	O	O
选	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
成	O	O
立	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
庆	O	O
典	O	O
献	O	O
礼	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
在	O	O
呼	B	B
和	M	M
浩	M	M
特	E	E
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
乔	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
魏	O	O
赤	O	O
娅	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	O	O
幼	O	O
棣	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	O	O
恒	O	O
权	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
要	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
活	O	O
泼	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
用	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
、	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
而	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
所	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
尚	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
珍	O	O
惜	O	O
热	O	O
爱	O	O
；	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
奋	O	O
发	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
开	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
接	O	O
见	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
共	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
级	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
探	O	O
明	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
探	O	O
明	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
七	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
采	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
再	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
海	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
老	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
罗	O	O
荣	O	O
桓	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
罗	O	O
荣	O	O
桓	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
任	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
楷	O	O
模	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
荣	O	O
桓	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
、	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
、	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
和	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
向	O	O
罗	O	O
荣	O	O
桓	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
征	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
正	O	O
规	O	O
化	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
而	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
罗	O	O
荣	O	O
桓	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
文	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
并	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
与	O	O
罗	O	O
荣	O	O
桓	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
林	O	O
月	O	O
琴	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
握	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
建	O	O
民	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
：	O	O
罗	O	O
荣	O	O
桓	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
、	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
古	B	O
田	E	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
为	O	O
筹	O	O
备	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
而	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
古	B	O
田	E	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
率	O	O
部	O	O
挺	O	O
进	O	O
山	B	O
东	E	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
地	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
战	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
翻	O	O
边	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
粉	O	O
碎	O	O
日	O	O
寇	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
壮	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
山	B	O
东	E	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
党	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
荣	O	O
桓	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
判	O	O
断	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
抵	O	O
制	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
冬	O	O
在	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
肃	O	O
清	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
滥	O	O
捕	O	O
错	O	O
杀	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
救	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
风	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
顶	O	O
住	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
失	O	O
足	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
左	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
的	O	O
整	O	O
风	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
把	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
庸	O	O
俗	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
条	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
、	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
要	O	O
牢	O	O
牢	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
务	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
好	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
指	O	O
南	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
用	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
人	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
牢	O	O
固	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
焕	O	O
发	O	O
坚	O	O
韧	O	O
不	O	O
拔	O	O
、	O	O
奋	O	O
发	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
风	O	O
貌	O	O
。	O	O
用	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
件	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
、	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
地	O	O
抓	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
要	O	O
同	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
要	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
村	O	O
镇	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
要	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
进	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
奔	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
和	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
多	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
城	O	O
万	O	O
店	O	O
无	O	O
假	O	O
货	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
手	O	O
拉	O	O
手	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
连	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
等	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
了	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
感	O	O
召	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
得	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
顺	O	O
民	O	O
意	O	O
、	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
向	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
委	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
重	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
投	O	O
向	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
已	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
涉	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	E
浦	M	B
东	M	E
新	M	O
区	E	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
可	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
放	O	O
宽	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
性	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
。	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
经	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
到	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
变	O	O
相	O	O
举	O	O
债	O	O
。	O	O
桂	O	O
光	O	O
：	O	O
创	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
桂	O	O
光	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
各	O	O
式	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
来	O	O
订	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
将	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
借	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
桂	O	O
光	O	O
”	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
自	O	O
创	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
打	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
坚	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
和	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
也	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
，	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
天	O	O
―	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
供	O	O
货	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
誉	O	O
赢	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
客	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
桂	O	O
溪	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
另	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
桂	O	O
光	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
；	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
汕	B	B
头	M	M
市	E	E
评	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
大	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
打	O	O
假	O	O
『	O	O
假	O	O
郎	O	O
』	O	O
被	O	O
逐	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
对	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
批	O	O
示	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
朱	O	O
育	O	O
理	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
型	O	O
号	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
再	O	O
迈	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
索	O	O
研	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	O	O
世	O	O
杰	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
致	O	O
信	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
和	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
把	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
透	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
邯	O	O
钢	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
压	O	O
缩	O	O
、	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
高	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
田	O	O
俊	O	O
荣	O	O
紧	O	O
跟	O	O
着	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
艘	O	O
“	O	O
航	O	O
母	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
亿	O	O
客	O	O
隆	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
亿	B	O
客	M	O
隆	M	O
商	M	O
城	E	O
、	O	O
万	B	O
事	M	O
吉	M	O
商	M	O
城	E	O
和	O	O
六	B	B
里	M	M
桥	M	M
商	M	M
场	E	E
联	O	O
合	O	O
而	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
亿	B	O
客	M	O
隆	M	O
商	M	O
城	E	O
凭	O	O
借	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
仓	O	O
储	O	O
超	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
态	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
斗	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
仍	O	O
以	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
递	O	O
增	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
万	O	O
事	O	O
吉	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
六	B	O
里	M	O
桥	E	O
”	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
总	O	O
和	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
如	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
搞	O	O
百	O	O
货	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
老	O	O
业	O	O
态	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
兵	O	O
”	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
与	O	O
老	O	O
业	O	O
态	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
兵	O	O
”	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
亿	O	O
客	O	O
隆	O	O
”	O	O
式	O	O
业	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
另	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
近	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
逾	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
仓	O	O
储	O	O
超	O	O
市	O	O
“	O	O
巨	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
配	O	O
送	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
和	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
猛	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
更	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
更	O	O
“	O	O
火	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
＞	O	O
３	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
亿	O	O
客	O	O
隆	O	O
”	O	O
单	O	O
店	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
；	O	O
先	O	O
前	O	O
门	O	O
可	O	O
罗	O	O
雀	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
万	O	O
事	O	O
吉	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
竟	O	O
同	O	O
比	O	O
骤	O	O
增	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
上	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
还	O	O
以	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
―	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
六	B	O
里	M	O
桥	E	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
颓	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
以	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
―	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
方	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
税	O	O
利	O	O
九	O	O
百	O	O
亿	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
供	O	O
种	O	O
甘	O	O
肃	O	O
工	O	O
行	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
电	O	O
码	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
悄	O	O
然	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
标	O	O
识	O	O
物	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
密	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
仿	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
外	O	O
形	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
伪	O	O
造	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
密	O	O
码	O	O
。	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
需	O	O
拨	O	O
通	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
防	O	O
伪	O	O
专	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
输	O	O
入	O	O
标	O	O
识	O	O
物	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
码	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
可	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
真	O	O
伪	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
城	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
等	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
承	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
照	O	O
相	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
影	O	O
像	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
与	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
桂	O	O
莲	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
贵	O	B
州	O	M
省	O	E
绥	O	B
阳	O	M
县	O	E
纳	O	O
佛	O	O
莱	O	O
辣	O	O
味	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
黔	B	O
北	E	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
辣	O	O
椒	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
绥	B	B
阳	E	E
“	O	O
朝	O	O
天	O	O
椒	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
纯	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
纳	O	O
佛	O	O
莱	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
辣	O	O
味	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
得	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
谢	O	O
跃	O	O
文	O	O
樊	O	O
萌	O	O
）	O	O
《	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
委	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
性	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
共	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
把	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
治	O	O
警	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
当	O	O
做	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
来	O	O
抓	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
多	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
、	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
偏	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
乱	O	O
纪	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
监	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
法	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
董	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
致	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
切	O	O
情	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	O
港	E	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
及	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
援	O	O
救	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
都	O	O
以	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
慷	O	O
慨	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
赈	O	O
灾	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
号	O	O
码	O	O
，	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
：	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
４	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
高	O	O
洁	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
高	O	O
广	O	O
志	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
将	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
―	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
有	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
间	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
以	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
以	O	O
阴	O	O
间	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
华	B	B
北	E	E
东	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
黄	O	O
淮	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雪	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
雪	O	O
路	O	O
滑	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
丁	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
奋	O	O
发	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
淡	O	O
泊	O	O
名	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
甘	O	O
于	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
是	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
四	O	O
项	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
鼓	O	O
劲	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
务	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
守	O	O
土	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
刻	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
；	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
了	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
中	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
亟	O	O
待	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
。	O	O
丁	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
把	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
带	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
。	O	O
切	O	O
莫	O	O
泪	O	O
洒	O	O
黄	O	O
昏	O	O
路	O	O
明	O	O
朝	O	O
洪	O	O
应	O	O
明	O	O
《	O	O
菜	O	O
根	O	O
谭	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
修	O	O
身	O	O
种	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
基	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
养	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
归	O	O
末	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
魏	O	O
征	O	O
向	O	O
唐	O	O
太	O	O
宗	O	O
曾	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
『	O	O
慎	O	O
始	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
敬	O	O
终	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
忠	O	O
谏	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
四	O	O
○	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
吴	O	O
玉	O	O
章	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
寿	O	O
辰	O	O
祝	O	O
词	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
做	O	O
点	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
子	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
做	O	O
坏	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
难	O	O
最	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
呵	O	O
！	O	O
』	O	O
『	O	O
慎	O	O
始	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
敬	O	O
终	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
子	O	O
都	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
灵	O	O
魂	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
者	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
『	O	O
拒	O	O
腐	O	O
蚀	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
不	O	O
沾	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
葆	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
对	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
薄	O	O
弱	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
则	O	O
有	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
诱	O	O
惑	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
作	O	O
『	O	O
苦	O	O
行	O	O
僧	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
记	O	O
住	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
君	O	O
子	O	O
爱	O	O
财	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
之	O	O
有	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
『	O	O
亡	O	O
德	O	O
而	O	O
富	O	O
贵	O	O
，	O	O
谓	O	O
之	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
巧	O	O
取	O	O
豪	O	O
夺	O	O
，	O	O
纸	O	O
醉	O	O
金	O	O
迷	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
掘	O	O
坟	O	O
墓	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
让	O	O
德	O	O
行	O	O
与	O	O
寿	O	O
命	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
灵	O	O
魂	O	O
的	O	O
浮	O	O
躁	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
理	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
于	O	O
海	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
所	O	O
罗	O	O
门	O	O
美	O	O
邦	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
桑	O	O
福	O	O
・	O	O
威	O	O
尔	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
威	O	O
尔	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
于	O	O
昨	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
京	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
台	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
弱	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
、	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
持	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
降	O	O
雨	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
也	O	O
已	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
股	O	O
弱	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
华	B	B
北	E	E
大	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
又	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雪	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
；	O	O
受	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
暖	O	O
湿	O	O
气	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
南	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
东	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
以	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
海	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
至	O	O
７	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
偏	O	O
北	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
戴	O	O
相	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
积	O	O
斌	O	O
等	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
座	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
荣	O	O
典	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
荣	O	O
毅	O	O
仁	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
塔	B	B
吉	M	M
克	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
舍	O	O
拉	O	O
利	O	O
・	O	O
海	O	O
鲁	O	O
拉	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
铨	O	O
叙	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
云	O	O
非	O	O
）	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
沈	O	O
国	O	O
放	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
关	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
激	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
救	O	O
治	O	O
伤	O	O
病	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
已	O	O
跑	O	O
遍	O	O
了	O	O
受	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
大	B	B
河	M	M
乡	E	E
、	O	O
海	B	B
流	M	M
图	M	M
乡	E	E
、	O	O
单	B	B
晶	M	M
河	M	M
乡	E	E
的	O	O
村	O	O
村	O	O
落	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
和	O	O
诊	O	O
治	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
刚	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
废	O	O
墟	O	O
中	O	O
解	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
有	O	O
御	O	O
寒	O	O
衣	O	O
穿	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
饭	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
防	O	O
冻	O	O
棚	O	O
住	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
是	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
保	O	O
暖	O	O
简	O	O
易	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
暖	O	O
暖	O	O
和	O	O
和	O	O
过	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
是	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
会	O	O
红	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
会	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
中	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
王	O	O
扬	O	O
祖	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
治	O	O
污	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
性	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
水	O	O
质	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
置	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
大	O	O
局	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
置	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
废	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
河	O	O
段	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
呈	O	O
加	O	O
重	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
治	O	O
淮	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
河	O	O
三	O	O
湖	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
治	O	O
污	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
虽	O	O
已	O	O
完	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
借	O	O
调	O	O
试	O	O
之	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
排	O	O
污	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
法	O	O
犯	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
意	O	O
偷	O	O
排	O	O
和	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
关	O	O
停	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
人	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
流	O	O
域	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
变	O	O
清	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
师	O	O
资	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
：	O	O
对	O	O
薄	O	O
弱	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
调	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
调	O	O
配	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
专	O	O
科	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
择	O	O
优	O	O
挑	O	O
选	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
薄	O	O
弱	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
和	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
函	O	O
授	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
考	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
修	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
和	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
孙	O	O
家	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
了	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
受	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
县	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
太	B	B
行	M	M
山	E	E
里	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
桩	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
事	O	O
：	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
装	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
能	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
地	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
星	O	O
五	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
四	O	O
套	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
加	O	O
密	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
听	O	O
到	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
传	O	O
输	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
频	O	O
立	O	O
体	O	O
声	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
小	O	O
网	O	O
落	O	O
户	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
华	O	O
广	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
把	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
太	B	B
行	M	M
山	M	M
区	E	E
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
往	O	O
返	O	O
于	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
与	O	O
山	B	B
西	E	E
的	O	O
平	B	B
定	M	M
县	E	E
，	O	O
从	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
站	O	O
址	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
调	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
到	O	O
架	O	O
线	O	O
入	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
按	O	O
时	O	O
完	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
小	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
枪	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
小	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
以	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
纤	O	O
大	O	O
网	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
后	O	O
再	O	O
收	O	O
看	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
奔	O	O
走	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
锦	O	O
上	O	O
添	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
拂	O	O
去	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
屏	O	O
幕	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
‘	O	O
雪	O	O
花	O	O
’	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
用	O	O
计	O	O
三	O	O
猛	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
百	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
感	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
停	O	O
歇	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
担	O	O
当	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
挑	O	O
选	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
资	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
专	O	O
职	O	O
于	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
热	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
了	O	O
惠	O	O
普	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
号	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
及	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
保	O	O
养	O	O
不	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
更	O	O
换	O	O
硬	O	O
件	O	O
等	O	O
修	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
了	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
佳	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
肥	O	O
力	O	O
高	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
肥	O	O
力	O	O
高	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
微	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
肥	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
固	O	O
氮	O	O
活	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
解	O	O
磷	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
钾	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
土	O	O
壤	O	O
和	O	O
动	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
和	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
肥	O	O
力	O	O
高	O	O
”	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
因	O	O
滥	O	O
施	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
等	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
瓜	O	O
不	O	O
甜	O	O
、	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
香	O	O
、	O	O
菜	O	O
无	O	O
味	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
亩	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
肥	O	O
力	O	O
高	O	O
”	O	O
可	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
―	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
科	O	O
闻	O	O
）	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
从	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
无	O	O
危	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
所	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
校	O	O
服	O	O
、	O	O
校	O	O
歌	O	O
、	O	O
校	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
建	O	O
有	O	O
升	O	O
挂	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
和	O	O
每	O	O
周	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
升	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
、	O	O
唱	O	O
国	O	O
歌	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
；	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
聘	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
奖	O	O
惩	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
操	O	O
两	O	O
课	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
放	O	O
学	O	O
时	O	O
排	O	O
队	O	O
离	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
；	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
无	O	O
打	O	O
架	O	O
斗	O	O
殴	O	O
、	O	O
抽	O	O
烟	O	O
酗	O	O
酒	O	O
等	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
用	O	O
语	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
教	O	O
书	O	O
育	O	O
人	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
起	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
有	O	O
”	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
圣	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
主	O	O
干	O	O
网	O	O
和	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
局	O	O
域	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
节	O	O
点	O	O
布	O	O
线	O	O
完	O	O
毕	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
调	O	O
试	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
将	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
地	O	O
调	O	O
用	O	O
全	O	O
院	O	O
入	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
院	O	O
上	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
下	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
史	O	O
所	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
添	O	O
置	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
台	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
奔	O	O
腾	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
器	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
州	O	O
一	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
脱	O	O
颖	O	O
出	O	O
在	O	O
硬	O	O
件	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
院	O	O
把	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
兴	O	O
院	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
对	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
省	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
荣	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
冬	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
人	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
穿	O	O
得	O	O
厚	O	O
厚	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
过	O	O
冬	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
来	O	O
人	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
因	O	O
热	O	O
得	O	O
冒	O	O
汗	O	O
脱	O	O
下	O	O
外	O	O
衣	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
胳	O	O
膊	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
已	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
暖	O	O
冬	O	O
”	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
降	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
夜	O	O
瑞	O	O
雪	O	O
的	O	O
京	B	B
城	E	E
银	O	O
装	O	O
素	O	O
裹	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
清	O	O
新	O	O
湿	O	O
润	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
花	O	O
市	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
腊	O	O
梅	O	O
、	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
傲	O	O
雪	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
冬	O	O
日	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
亮	O	O
丽	O	O
，	O	O
煞	O	O
是	O	O
喜	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
游	O	O
人	O	O
驻	O	O
足	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
旭	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
和	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
将	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
白	B	B
洋	M	M
淀	E	E
污	O	O
染	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
三	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
河	B	O
北	M	O
省	E	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
白	B	B
洋	M	M
淀	E	E
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
付	O	O
诸	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
中	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
意	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
同	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
古	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
很	O	O
相	O	O
近	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
斯	O	O
卡	O	O
尔	O	O
法	O	O
罗	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
战	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
阵	O	O
营	O	O
对	O	O
峙	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
已	O	O
密	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
根	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
两	O	O
根	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
赞	O	O
成	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
应	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
之	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
再	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
或	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
性	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
中	O	O
意	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
尚	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
罗	B	B
马	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
与	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
迪	O	O
尼	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
就	O	O
中	O	O
意	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
及	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
迪	O	O
尼	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
支	O	O
持	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
反	O	O
倾	O	O
销	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
从	O	O
“	O	O
非	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
中	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
幕	O	O
后	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
哈	O	O
塔	O	O
米	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
网	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
唱	O	O
和	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
往	O	O
下	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
事	O	O
态	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
伊	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
僵	O	O
局	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
松	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
回	O	O
暖	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
伊	B	O
斯	M	O
兰	E	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
学	O	O
生	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
、	O	O
扣	O	O
留	O	O
美	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
等	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
断	O	O
交	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
伊	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
、	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
格	O	O
格	O	O
不	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
指	O	O
责	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
是	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
魔	O	O
鬼	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
则	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
是	O	O
“	O	O
捣	O	O
蛋	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
国	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
坛	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
对	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
“	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
新	O	O
动	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
邹	O	O
德	O	O
浩	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
渥	B	B
太	M	M
华	M	M
市	E	E
拥	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
行	O	O
道	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
花	O	O
在	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
撒	O	O
在	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
粗	O	O
沙	O	O
多	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
粗	O	O
沙	O	O
“	O	O
撒	O	O
向	O	O
四	O	O
方	O	O
”	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
阿	O	O
诺	O	O
德	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
拨	O	O
出	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
撒	O	O
出	O	O
脚	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
小	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
众	O	O
人	O	O
齐	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
连	O	O
成	O	O
很	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
渥	B	B
太	M	M
华	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B	B
马	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
已	O	O
非	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
心	O	O
只	O	O
读	O	O
圣	O	O
贤	O	O
书	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
较	O	O
差	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
间	O	O
隙	O	O
洗	O	O
衣	O	O
、	O	O
送	O	O
货	O	O
、	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
挣	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
时	O	O
尚	O	O
。	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
《	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
西	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	B
阿	B	M
塞	M	M
拜	M	M
疆	M	M
省	E	E
因	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
已	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
受	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
文	O	O
传	O	O
电	O	O
讯	O	O
社	O	O
援	O	O
引	O	O
俄	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
涅	O	O
斯	O	O
捷	O	O
鲁	O	O
什	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
了	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
同	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
伊	B	O
拉	M	O
克	E	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
普	O	O
里	O	O
马	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
用	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谢	O	O
美	O	O
华	O	O
）	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
严	O	O
格	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
杀	O	O
伤	O	O
性	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
其	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
建	O	O
力	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
布	B	B
拉	M	M
格	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
鲁	O	O
惠	O	O
民	O	O
）	O	O
捷	B	O
克	E	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
堪	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
匈	B	O
牙	M	O
利	E	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
无	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
率	O	O
仍	O	O
呈	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
而	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
盗	O	O
窃	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
居	O	O
高	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
凶	O	O
杀	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
体	O	O
与	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
开	B	B
罗	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
侯	O	O
嘉	O	O
）	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
新	O	O
任	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
库	O	O
尔	O	O
兹	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
和	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
双	O	O
方	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
居	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
撤	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
安	B	B
曼	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
夏	O	O
林	O	O
）	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
巴	O	O
勒	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
同	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
敦	O	O
促	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
说	O	O
服	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
强	O	O
硬	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
挽	O	O
救	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
阿	B	B
布	M	M
扎	M	M
比	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
夏	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
立	O	O
文	O	O
）	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
巴	O	B
勒	O	M
斯	O	M
坦	O	E
解	O	O
放	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
执	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
阿	O	O
布	O	O
・	O	O
马	O	O
赞	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
把	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
、	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
和	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
三	O	O
方	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
看	O	O
做	O	O
是	O	O
挽	O	O
救	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O
阿	O	O
萨	O	O
德	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
穆	O	O
巴	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
些	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
后	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
珍	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
是	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
以	O	O
色	O	O
列	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
受	O	O
挫	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
还	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
团	O	O
结	O	O
和	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
致	O	O
电	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
和	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	M	E
张	M	B
家	M	M
口	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
达	B	O
卡	E	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
印	O	O
巴	O	O
孟	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
杰	O	O
拉	O	O
尔	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
谢	O	O
里	O	O
夫	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
责	O	O
成	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
外	O	O
秘	O	O
就	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陶	O	O
志	O	O
彭	O	O
）	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
首	O	O
相	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
龙	O	O
太	O	O
郎	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
行	O	O
量	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
太	O	O
阳	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
上	O	O
撰	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
在	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
残	O	O
害	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
战	O	O
俘	O	O
的	O	O
暴	O	O
行	O	O
请	O	O
求	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
宽	O	O
恕	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
乌	B	B
兰	M	M
巴	M	M
托	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
石	O	O
永	O	O
春	O	O
）	O	O
蒙	B	O
古	E	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
阿	O	O
勒	O	O
坦	O	O
格	O	O
列	O	O
尔	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
蒙	B	B
古	E	E
今	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
四	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
传	O	O
真	O	O
苏	O	O
哈	O	O
托	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
汇	O	O
市	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
反	O	O
弹	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
股	O	O
票	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
也	O	O
止	O	O
跌	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
股	O	O
票	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
日	O	O
内	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
汇	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
股	O	O
票	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
曾	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
跌	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
汉	B	B
城	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	O	O
克	O	O
川	O	O
）	O	O
韩	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
不	O	O
善	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
观	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
等	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
商	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
抛	O	O
售	O	O
泰	O	O
铢	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
泰	O	O
铢	O	O
兑	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
比	O	O
价	O	O
跌	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
，	O	O
泰	O	O
铢	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
却	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
：	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
就	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
上	O	O
扬	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
堪	O	O
重	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
猛	O	O
涨	O	O
；	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
大	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
操	O	O
纵	O	O
是	O	O
泰	O	O
铢	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
根	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
密	O	O
注	O	O
视	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
操	O	O
纵	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
联	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
行	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
是	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
鲍	O	O
泰	O	O
利	O	O
还	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
对	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
面	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
行	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
提	O	O
议	O	O
中	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
英	B	B
国	M	E
北	M	B
爱	M	M
尔	M	M
兰	M	E
地	M	O
区	E	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
牛	O	O
肉	O	O
。	O	O
欧	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
爱	M	M
尔	M	M
兰	E	E
放	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
牛	O	O
群	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
患	O	O
疯	O	O
牛	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
极	O	O
小	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
坎	O	O
宁	O	O
安	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
英	O	B
国	O	E
农	O	O
场	O	O
主	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
奈	O	O
什	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
养	O	O
牛	O	O
业	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
羽	O	O
毛	O	O
球	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
有	O	O
喜	O	O
有	O	O
忧	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
女	O	O
双	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
除	O	O
龚	O	O
睿	O	O
娜	O	O
／	O	O
叶	O	O
钊	O	O
颖	O	O
不	O	O
敌	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
好	O	O
手	O	O
泽	O	O
琳	O	O
／	O	O
郑	O	O
丽	O	O
梦	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
葛	O	O
菲	O	O
／	O	O
顾	O	O
俊	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
永	O	O
淑	O	O
／	O	O
秦	O	O
艺	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
楠	O	O
雁	O	O
／	O	O
刘	O	O
仲	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
。	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
雄	O	O
风	O	O
不	O	O
减	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
身	O	O
高	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
体	O	O
重	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
天	O	O
独	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
体	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
望	O	O
尘	O	O
莫	O	O
及	O	O
。	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
图	O	B
雷	O	M
斯	O	M
基	O	E
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
泳	O	O
坛	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
威	O	O
名	O	O
显	O	O
赫	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
师	O	O
徒	O	O
、	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
图	O	B
雷	O	M
斯	O	M
基	O	E
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
最	O	O
完	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
诠	O	O
释	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
相	O	O
得	O	O
益	O	O
彰	O	O
，	O	O
珠	O	O
联	O	O
璧	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
刀	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
刺	O	O
进	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
刺	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
曾	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
病	O	O
床	O	O
上	O	O
他	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
地	O	O
反	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
那	O	O
天	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
晚	O	O
了	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
闲	O	O
逛	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
永	O	O
久	O	O
居	O	O
留	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
堪	O	O
市	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
心	O	O
身	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
人	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
澳	O	O
大	O	O
利	O	O
亚	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
正	O	O
施	O	O
加	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
让	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
妥	O	O
协	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
是	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
，	O	O
我	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
要	O	O
挥	O	O
舞	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
泳	O	O
联	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
Ａ	O	O
瓶	O	O
尿	O	O
样	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
中	O	O
呈	O	O
阳	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
泳	O	O
联	O	O
已	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
这	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
待	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
瓶	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
完	O	O
毕	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
视	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
再	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
查	O	O
明	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
姑	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	O	O
立	O	O
群	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
又	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
项	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
夺	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
三	O	O
项	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
女	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
汤	O	O
普	O	O
森	O	O
最	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
蝶	O	O
泳	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
秒	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
刷	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
她	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
泳	O	O
和	O	O
４	O	O
×	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
泳	O	O
接	O	O
力	O	O
中	O	O
折	O	O
桂	O	O
，	O	O
汤	O	O
普	O	O
森	O	O
已	O	O
胸	O	O
挂	O	O
三	O	O
枚	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
夺	O	O
金	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
后	O	O
备	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
将	O	O
九	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
截	O	O
止	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
重	O	O
召	O	O
退	O	O
役	O	O
老	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
九	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
为	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
球	O	O
类	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
和	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
奖	O	O
牌	O	O
、	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
作	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
兰	O	O
红	O	O
光	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
组	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
采	O	O
集	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
尿	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
Ａ	O	O
瓶	O	O
尿	O	O
样	O	O
呈	O	O
阳	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
泳	O	O
联	O	O
执	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
瓶	O	O
尿	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
瓶	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
与	O	O
Ａ	O	O
瓶	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
泳	O	O
联	O	O
将	O	O
就	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
听	O	O
证	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
芳	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
叶	O	O
连	O	O
娜	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
开	O	O
局	O	O
不	O	O
太	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
打	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
盘	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
以	O	O
３	O	O
∶	O	O
６	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
李	O	O
芳	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
了	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
２	O	O
和	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
１	O	O
连	O	O
扳	O	O
两	O	O
盘	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
八	O	O
强	O	O
赛	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
、	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
、	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	E	E
、	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
等	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
和	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
库	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
扶	O	O
助	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
和	O	O
后	O	O
进	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
教	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
援	O	O
藏	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
、	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
和	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
都	O	O
把	O	O
援	O	O
藏	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
行	O	O
之	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
沟	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
综	O	O
艺	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
风	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
命	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
应	O	O
景	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
速	O	O
朽	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
极	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
过	O	O
眼	O	O
烟	O	O
云	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
瞬	O	O
即	O	O
逝	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
妨	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
流	O	O
传	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
占	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
？	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
财	O	O
大	O	O
气	O	O
粗	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
乐	O	O
此	O	O
不	O	O
疲	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
身	O	O
陷	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
损	O	O
伤	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
歌	O	O
唱	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
曲	O	O
艺	O	O
小	O	O
品	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
里	O	O
疲	O	O
于	O	O
奔	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
几	O	O
首	O	O
歌	O	O
那	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
段	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
是	O	O
些	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
题	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
潜	O	O
心	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
舞	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
灯	O	O
光	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
能	O	O
赚	O	O
大	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
接	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
都	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
已	O	O
无	O	O
暇	O	O
顾	O	O
及	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
才	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
惨	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
数	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
牌	O	O
”	O	O
帮	O	O
衬	O	O
垫	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
替	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
烘	O	O
云	O	O
托	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
简	O	O
直	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
伴	O	O
舞	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
需	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
把	O	O
肚	O	O
脐	O	O
眼	O	O
亮	O	O
出	O	O
就	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
毁	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
或	O	O
许	O	O
失	O	O
之	O	O
偏	O	O
颇	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
许	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
未	O	O
提	O	O
及	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
肺	O	O
腑	O	O
之	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
借	O	O
贵	O	O
报	O	O
一	O	O
角	O	O
讲	O	O
讲	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
刹	O	O
住	O	O
这	O	O
股	O	O
“	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
”	O	O
！	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
：	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
牵	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
最	O	O
头	O	O
痛	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
艺	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
负	O	O
载	O	O
着	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
付	O	O
林	O	O
元	O	O
也	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
钱	O	O
财	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
弊	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
赵	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
吕	O	O
艺	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
付	O	O
林	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
和	O	O
警	O	O
觉	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
音	M	M
乐	M	M
厅	E	E
采	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
预	O	O
订	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
预	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
卡	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
套	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
超	O	O
前	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
乐	O	O
迷	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
座	O	O
率	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
预	O	O
订	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
伊	O	O
甸	O	O
园	O	O
往	O	O
日	O	O
情	O	O
歌	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
场	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
也	O	O
已	O	O
订	O	O
出	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
、	O	O
濑	O	O
田	O	O
裕	O	O
子	O	O
小	O	O
提	O	O
琴	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
名	O	O
曲	O	O
独	O	O
奏	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
近	O	O
百	O	O
张	O	O
票	O	O
被	O	O
订	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
文	O	O
同	O	O
）	O	O
绵	O	O
延	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
岸	O	O
向	O	O
无	O	O
尽	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
际	O	O
伸	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
浪	O	O
抚	O	O
熨	O	O
得	O	O
平	O	O
平	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
沙	O	O
滩	O	O
似	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
长	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
缎	O	O
带	O	O
装	O	O
点	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
边	O	O
缘	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
名	O	O
叫	O	O
曾	B	O
厝	E	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
南	O	O
朝	O	O
浩	O	O
渺	O	O
大	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
依	O	O
柔	O	O
顺	O	O
平	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
沙	O	O
滩	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
每	O	O
日	O	O
晨	O	O
昏	O	O
舞	O	O
影	O	O
翩	O	O
跹	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
栋	O	O
小	O	O
楼	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
独	O	O
具	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
团	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
小	O	O
白	O	O
鹭	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
新	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
准	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
靖	O	O
弋	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
雪	O	O
冰	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
桃	O	O
李	O	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
前	O	O
茅	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
名	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
艺	O	O
术	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
中	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
大	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
去	O	O
新	B	B
加	M	M
坡	E	E
、	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
西	M	M
兰	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
间	O	O
舞	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
姿	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
若	O	O
虹	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
地	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
还	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
开	O	O
端	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
亿	O	O
万	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
厦	B	B
门	E	E
有	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
小	O	O
白	O	O
鹭	O	O
！	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	O
京	E	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
纷	O	O
呈	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
“	O	O
丝	O	O
竹	O	O
情	O	O
潮	O	O
民	O	O
乐	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
协	O	O
奏	O	O
曲	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
却	O	O
别	O	O
具	O	O
一	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
合	O	O
璧	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
器	O	O
乐	O	O
独	O	O
奏	O	O
与	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
乐	O	O
队	O	O
协	O	O
奏	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
。	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
世	B	O
纪	M	O
剧	M	O
院	E	O
、	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
音	M	M
乐	M	M
厅	E	E
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
承	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
太	O	O
平	O	O
洋	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
分	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
协	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
为	O	O
刚	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
贝	B	O
桑	M	O
松	E	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
亚	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
心	O	O
草	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
白	O	O
宇	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
联	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
评	O	O
书	O	O
评	O	O
话	O	O
名	O	O
家	O	O
展	O	O
演	O	O
”	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
展	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
评	O	O
书	O	O
评	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
编	O	O
、	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
优	O	O
异	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
过	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
书	O	O
评	O	O
话	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
刘	O	O
兰	O	O
芳	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
耿	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
阔	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
	O	O
、	O	O
连	O	O
丽	O	O
如	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
延	O	O
广	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
祚	O	O
欢	O	O
、	O	O
惠	O	O
兆	O	O
龙	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
评	O	O
书	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
也	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
展	O	O
演	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
评	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
评	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
湖	B	B
北	E	E
评	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
苏	B	O
州	E	O
评	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
扬	B	O
州	E	O
评	O	O
话	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
农	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
学	O	O
成	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
家	O	O
纽	O	O
伯	O	O
瑞	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
心	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
性	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
奖	O	O
以	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
命	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
纽	O	O
伯	O	O
瑞	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
并	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
低	O	O
廉	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
书	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
《	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
；	O	O
他	O	O
开	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
读	O	O
物	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
崇	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
至	O	O
上	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
光	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
译	O	O
介	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
安	O	O
徒	O	O
生	O	O
童	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
格	O	O
林	O	O
童	O	O
话	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
古	O	O
典	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
翻	O	O
译	O	O
和	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
荟	O	O
萃	O	O
更	O	O
属	O	O
前	O	O
所	O	O
未	O	O
有	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
少	O	O
年	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
被	O	O
“	O	O
卡	O	O
通	O	O
”	O	O
式	O	O
读	O	O
物	O	O
所	O	O
包	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
创	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
迪	O	O
、	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
所	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
可	O	O
比	O	O
拟	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
编	O	O
选	O	O
纽	O	O
伯	O	O
瑞	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
奖	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
秦	O	O
始	O	O
皇	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
则	O	O
天	O	O
、	O	O
杜	O	O
甫	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
清	O	O
照	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
很	O	O
想	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
太	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
翔	O	O
实	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
传	O	O
记	O	O
已	O	O
布	O	O
满	O	O
书	O	O
摊	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
教	O	O
九	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
式	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
传	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
传	O	O
记	O	O
版	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
文	O	O
传	O	O
或	O	O
文	O	O
以	O	O
人	O	O
传	O	O
，	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
着	O	O
趣	O	O
味	O	O
相	O	O
投	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
林	O	O
风	O	O
眠	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
传	O	O
世	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
精	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
留	O	O
给	O	O
后	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
辑	O	O
成	O	O
《	O	O
林	O	O
风	O	O
眠	O	O
画	O	O
语	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
册	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
林	O	O
风	O	O
眠	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
美	O	O
学	O	O
不	O	O
特	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
拿	O	O
来	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
林	O	O
风	O	O
眠	O	O
画	O	O
语	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
席	O	O
卷	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
使	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
家	O	O
乔	O	O
治	O	O
・	O	O
索	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
风	O	O
云	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	B
南	O	E
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
索	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
走	O	O
在	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
曲	O	O
线	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
索	O	B
罗	O	M
斯	O	E
的	O	O
访	O	O
谈	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
匈	B	O
牙	M	O
利	E	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
犹	O	O
太	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
卡	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
波	O	O
普	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
反	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
和	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
都	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
读	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
从	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
雅	O	O
俗	O	O
共	O	O
赏	O	O
的	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
有	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
颇	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
家	O	O
喻	O	O
户	O	O
晓	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
曹	O	O
雪	O	O
芹	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
楼	O	O
梦	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
金	O	O
庸	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
侠	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
阐	O	O
释	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
雅	O	O
俗	O	O
共	O	O
赏	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
学	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
金	O	O
庸	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
用	O	O
通	O	O
俗	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
极	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
和	O	O
细	O	O
节	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
荒	O	O
诞	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
写	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
古	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
儒	O	O
释	O	O
道	O	O
兵	O	O
等	O	O
古	O	O
典	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
至	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
崛	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
派	O	O
武	O	O
侠	O	O
较	O	O
之	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
至	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
派	O	O
武	O	O
侠	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
：	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
描	O	O
述	O	O
侠	O	O
客	O	O
义	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
偏	O	O
重	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
人	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
哲	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
沉	O	O
思	O	O
从	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
史	O	O
到	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
史	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
瓦	B	B
尔	M	M
登	M	M
湖	E	E
的	O	O
涟	O	O
漪	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
《	O	O
瓦	B	B
尔	M	M
登	M	M
湖	E	E
》	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
更	O	O
获	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
向	O	O
往	O	O
梭	O	O
罗	O	O
笔	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
澄	O	O
净	O	O
和	O	O
清	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
苏	O	O
克	O	O
尔	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
编	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
学	O	O
术	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
随	O	O
笔	O	O
大	O	O
系	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
套	O	O
大	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
者	O	O
拟	O	O
出	O	O
百	O	O
卷	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
编	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
梁	O	O
启	O	O
超	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
维	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
元	O	O
培	O	O
、	O	O
鲁	O	O
迅	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
适	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
随	O	O
笔	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
装	O	O
帧	O	O
精	O	O
美	O	O
，	O	O
米	O	O
黄	O	O
色	O	O
胶	O	O
印	O	O
纸	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
套	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
随	O	O
笔	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
每	O	O
卷	O	O
封	O	O
底	O	O
提	O	O
示	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
追	O	O
问	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
超	O	O
迈	O	O
的	O	O
胸	O	O
襟	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
骚	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
座	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
碑	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
赫	O	O
然	O	O
镌	O	O
刻	O	O
着	O	O
：	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
铸	O	O
国	O	O
魂	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
转	O	O
型	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
黄	O	O
钟	O	O
大	O	O
吕	O	O
之	O	O
声	O	O
犹	O	O
如	O	O
空	O	O
谷	O	O
足	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
申	O	O
说	O	O
着	O	O
华	O	O
夏	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
份	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
‘	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
备	O	O
忘	O	O
录	O	O
’	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
吉	O	O
格	O	O
斯	O	O
）	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
雅	O	O
丹	O	O
打	O	O
来	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
地	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
随	O	O
一	O	O
探	O	O
险	O	O
队	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
纵	O	O
穿	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
于	O	O
惊	O	O
奇	O	O
与	O	O
钦	O	O
羡	O	O
中	O	O
又	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
恰	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
她	O	O
还	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
之	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
写	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
歌	O	O
德	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
勇	O	O
敢	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
设	O	O
想	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
与	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
中	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
着	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
与	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
唯	O	O
有	O	O
勇	O	O
敢	O	O
直	O	O
面	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
融	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
凝	O	O
重	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
画	O	O
中	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
有	O	O
浅	O	O
吟	O	O
低	O	O
唱	O	O
、	O	O
怀	O	O
旧	O	O
感	O	O
伤	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
广	O	O
袤	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
尽	O	O
沧	O	O
桑	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
更	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
激	O	O
荡	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
怀	O	O
和	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
、	O	O
催	O	O
人	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
女	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
从	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
到	O	O
罗	B	B
布	M	M
泊	E	E
之	O	O
旅	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
、	O	O
搏	O	O
击	O	O
暴	O	O
风	O	O
雪	O	O
（	O	O
速	O	O
写	O	O
）	O	O
彭	O	O
利	O	O
铭	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
老	O	O
把	O	O
苦	O	O
心	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
店	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
美	O	O
协	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
被	O	O
调	O	O
入	O	O
荣	O	O
宝	O	O
斋	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
许	O	O
老	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
与	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
伯	O	O
驹	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
曾	O	O
题	O	O
赠	O	O
诗	O	O
云	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
泼	O	O
墨	O	O
百	O	O
花	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
笔	O	O
灵	O	O
光	O	O
硕	O	O
果	O	O
存	O	O
，	O	O
醉	O	O
时	O	O
信	O	O
手	O	O
随	O	O
天	O	O
籁	O	O
，	O	O
眉	O	O
飞	O	O
色	O	O
舞	O	O
显	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
垂	O	O
世	O	O
豪	O	O
情	O	O
今	O	O
愈	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
视	O	O
金	O	O
如	O	O
土	O	O
但	O	O
求	O	O
真	O	O
，	O	O
升	O	O
沉	O	O
世	O	O
事	O	O
何	O	O
足	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
笑	O	O
看	O	O
荣	O	O
辱	O	O
似	O	O
浮	O	O
云	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
置	O	O
身	O	O
于	O	O
陡	O	O
峭	O	O
的	O	O
燕	B	O
子	M	O
垭	E	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
高	O	O
空	O	O
长	O	O
风	O	O
吹	O	O
拂	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
群	O	O
燕	O	O
耳	O	O
边	O	O
呢	O	O
喃	O	O
细	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
岂	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
却	O	O
琐	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
烦	O	O
扰	O	O
？	O	O
燕	B	O
子	M	O
垭	E	O
（	O	O
速	O	O
写	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
高	O	O
莽	O	O
）	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
题	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
史	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
收	O	O
藏	O	O
与	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
品	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
鞭	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
低	O	O
估	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
界	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
比	O	O
比	O	O
皆	O	O
是	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
犬	O	O
儒	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
侩	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
拜	O	O
金	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
倒	O	O
把	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
界	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
触	O	O
目	O	O
惊	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
心	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
池	O	O
北	O	O
偶	O	O
／	O	O
诗	O	O
英	O	O
韬	O	O
／	O	O
画	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
更	O	O
能	O	O
抬	O	O
身	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
需	O	O
才	O	O
华	O	O
与	O	O
功	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
（	O	O
李	O	O
金	O	O
山	O	O
）	O	O
我	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
想	O	O
画	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
漫	O	O
画	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
人	O	O
造	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
头	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
圆	O	O
珠	O	O
笔	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
上	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
纸	O	O
划	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
字	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
写	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
咱	O	O
们	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
能	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
、	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
迟	O	O
迟	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
圆	O	O
珠	O	O
笔	O	O
芯	O	O
出	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
凉	O	O
油	O	O
盒	O	O
难	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
罐	O	O
头	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
瓶	O	O
罐	O	O
头	O	O
难	O	O
撬	O	O
、	O	O
核	O	O
桃	O	O
壳	O	O
难	O	O
剥	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
渗	O	O
水	O	O
等	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
费	O	O
解	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
专	O	O
心	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
尖	O	O
端	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
暇	O	O
顾	O	O
及	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
儿	O	O
科	O	O
”	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
者	O	O
压	O	O
根	O	O
儿	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
或	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
去	O	O
请	O	O
教	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
较	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
后	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
像	O	O
清	O	O
凉	O	O
油	O	O
盒	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
需	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
想	O	O
出	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
给	O	O
盒	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
面	O	O
刻	O	O
上	O	O
螺	O	O
纹	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
拧	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
；	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
可	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
牙	O	O
膏	O	O
袋	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
圆	O	O
珠	O	O
笔	O	O
芯	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
油	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
虽	O	O
比	O	O
清	O	O
凉	O	O
油	O	O
盒	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
要	O	O
难	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
难	O	O
过	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
。	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
久	O	O
久	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
思	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
再	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
买	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
比	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
便	O	O
宜	O	O
。	O	O
且	O	O
慢	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
洋	O	O
货	O	O
降	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
另	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
新	O	O
厂	O	O
异	O	O
军	O	O
突	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
你	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
你	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
哭	O	O
都	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
电	O	O
剃	O	O
须	O	O
刀	O	O
的	O	O
败	O	O
走	O	O
麦	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
前	O	O
车	O	O
之	O	O
鉴	O	O
。	O	O
千	O	O
秋	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
有	O	O
口	O	O
皆	O	O
碑	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
蜀	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
推	O	O
何	O	O
事	O	O
？	O	O
李	O	O
冰	O	O
父	O	O
子	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
都	B	O
江	M	O
堰	E	O
也	O	O
！	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
成	B	O
都	E	O
口	O	O
碑	O	O
载	O	O
道	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
洋	O	O
人	O	O
羡	O	O
慕	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
推	O	O
何	O	O
事	O	O
？	O	O
李	O	O
冰	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
府	B	B
南	M	M
河	E	E
也	O	O
！	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
始	O	O
于	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
归	O	O
于	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
谓	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
？	O	O
应	O	O
与	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
官	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
肖	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
敬	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
如	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
替	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
治	O	O
公	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
叹	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
父	O	O
子	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
颠	O	O
来	O	O
倒	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
今	O	O
朝	O	O
府	B	O
南	E	O
脉	O	O
络	O	O
正	O	O
本	O	O
清	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
治	O	O
污	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
成	O	O
群	O	O
。	O	O
毅	O	O
然	O	O
停	O	O
建	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
市	O	O
府	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
奔	O	O
赴	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
一	O	O
号	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
号	O	O
排	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
大	O	O
于	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
九	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
亿	O	O
巨	O	O
资	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
罕	O	O
闻	O	O
几	O	O
声	O	O
反	O	O
调	O	O
非	O	O
议	O	O
！	O	O
搬	O	O
迁	O	O
沿	O	O
河	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
新	O	O
居	O	O
三	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
未	O	O
闹	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
强	O	O
拆	O	O
！	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
拥	O	O
戴	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
域	O	O
东	O	O
瀛	O	O
可	O	O
有	O	O
先	O	O
例	O	O
？	O	O
汗	O	O
洒	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
澄	O	O
清	O	O
二	O	O
河	O	O
，	O	O
流	O	O
传	O	O
四	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
滋	O	O
润	O	O
百	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O
临	O	O
水	O	O
酹	O	O
川	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
登	O	O
楼	O	O
忆	O	O
杜	O	O
诗	O	O
。	O	O
春	O	O
色	O	O
重	O	O
回	O	O
锦	B	B
江	E	E
，	O	O
浮	O	O
云	O	O
又	O	O
返	O	O
玉	B	O
垒	E	O
。	O	O
涛	O	O
声	O	O
依	O	O
旧	O	O
，	O	O
古	O	O
城	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
道	O	O
似	O	O
车	O	O
轮	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
如	O	O
螺	O	O
旋	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
周	O	O
凡	O	O
恺	O	O
《	O	O
本	O	O
草	O	O
纲	O	O
目	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
读	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
读	O	O
得	O	O
前	O	O
言	O	O
不	O	O
搭	O	O
后	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
脑	O	O
子	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
糊	O	O
涂	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
算	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
药	O	O
铺	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
参	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
乘	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
无	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
把	O	O
抽	O	O
斗	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
卸	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
味	O	O
药	O	O
一	O	O
味	O	O
药	O	O
地	O	O
过	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
把	O	O
抽	O	O
斗	O	O
全	O	O
都	O	O
安	O	O
错	O	O
了	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
倒	O	O
霉	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
抽	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
下	O	O
全	O	O
乱	O	O
套	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
急	O	O
得	O	O
大	O	O
喊	O	O
大	O	O
叫	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
回	O	O
事	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
鬼	O	O
了	O	O
嘛	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
鬼	O	O
”	O	O
就	O	O
躲	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
笑	O	O
。	O	O
笑	O	O
够	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
仍	O	O
旧	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
园	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
死	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
爸	O	O
爸	O	O
也	O	O
死	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
替	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
穷	O	O
家	O	O
去	O	O
做	O	O
些	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
做	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
了	O	O
挖	O	O
草	O	O
药	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
挖	O	O
川	O	O
贝	O	O
母	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
挖	O	O
龙	O	O
胆	O	O
草	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
还	O	O
想	O	O
能	O	O
挖	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
棵	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
药	O	O
书	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
挣	O	O
两	O	O
块	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
贴	O	O
补	O	O
家	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
其	O	O
二	O	O
。	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
家	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
亲	O	O
戚	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
远	O	O
嫁	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
叔	O	O
叔	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
远	O	O
很	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
当	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
正	O	O
月	O	O
里	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
冷	O	O
冷	O	O
清	O	O
清	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
爆	O	O
竹	O	O
声	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
家	O	O
响	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
的	O	O
脸	O	O
笑	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
朵	O	O
灿	O	O
烂	O	O
的	O	O
菊	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
忙	O	O
着	O	O
沏	O	O
茶	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
板	O	O
凳	O	O
，	O	O
端	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
就	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
糕	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
堂	O	O
屋	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
震	O	O
耳	O	O
欲	O	O
聋	O	O
的	O	O
鞭	O	O
炮	O	O
声	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
弥	O	O
漫	O	O
着	O	O
浓	O	O
浓	O	O
的	O	O
烟	O	O
雾	O	O
和	O	O
火	O	O
药	O	O
香	O	O
，	O	O
踏	O	O
着	O	O
厚	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
碎	O	O
纸	O	O
屑	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
长	O	O
呈	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
厚	O	O
礼	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
平	O	O
日	O	O
里	O	O
低	O	O
头	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
抬	O	O
头	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
邻	O	O
里	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
伙	O	O
儿	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
客	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
着	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
当	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
恰	O	O
巧	O	O
在	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
寄	O	O
回	O	O
个	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
立	O	O
功	O	O
受	O	O
奖	O	O
的	O	O
牌	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
会	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
传	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
看	O	O
稀	O	O
罕	O	O
，	O	O
夸	O	O
赞	O	O
这	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
面	O	O
挣	O	O
脸	O	O
有	O	O
出	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
烟	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
就	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
告	O	O
辞	O	O
。	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
挽	O	O
留	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
吃	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
连	O	O
桌	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
糕	O	O
点	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
底	O	O
下	O	O
追	O	O
逐	O	O
着	O	O
钻	O	O
来	O	O
钻	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
袋	O	O
里	O	O
塞	O	O
得	O	O
鼓	O	O
鼓	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
执	O	O
意	O	O
挽	O	O
留	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
好	O	O
多	O	O
户	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
要	O	O
去	O	O
呢	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
山	O	O
山	O	O
岭	O	O
岭	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
白	O	B
云	O	E
深	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
巅	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
流	O	O
水	O	O
淙	O	O
淙	O	O
的	O	O
谷	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
要	O	O
转	O	O
个	O	O
遍	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
吃	O	O
晚	O	O
饭	O	O
呢	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
临	O	O
阵	O	O
交	O	O
锋	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
还	O	O
爱	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
请	O	O
看	O	O
他	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
正	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
蜡	O	O
烛	O	O
一	O	O
枝	O	O
，	O	O
夜	O	O
帐	O	O
观	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
拢	O	O
须	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
把	O	O
卷	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
儒	O	O
将	O	O
风	O	O
度	O	O
也	O	O
！	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
儒	O	O
将	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
眼	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
编	O	O
年	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
史	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
寓	O	O
意	O	O
褒	O	O
贬	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
要	O	O
扶	O	O
保	O	O
刘	O	O
备	O	O
打	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
看	O	O
重	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
免	O	O
要	O	O
向	O	O
它	O	O
请	O	O
教	O	O
。	O	O
譬	O	O
如	O	O
《	O	O
水	O	O
淹	O	O
七	O	O
军	O	O
》	O	O
这	O	O
出	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
和	O	O
庞	O	O
德	O	O
厮	O	O
杀	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
回	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
取	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
奈	O	O
退	O	O
回	O	O
大	B	O
营	E	O
，	O	O
唱	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
吹	O	O
腔	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
阵	O	O
前	O	O
胜	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
庞	O	O
德	O	O
将	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
把	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
观	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
过	O	O
演	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
败	O	O
亡	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
编	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
剧	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
他	O	O
骄	O	O
傲	O	O
自	O	O
满	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
愎	O	O
自	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
诚	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
我	O	O
尚	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
：	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
读	O	O
《	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
》	O	O
还	O	O
犯	O	O
了	O	O
教	O	O
条	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
毛	O	O
病	O	O
。	O	O
琢	O	O
玉	O	O
名	O	O
匠	O	O
陆	O	O
子	O	O
冈	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
陆	O	O
子	O	O
冈	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
从	O	O
选	O	O
料	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
贵	O	O
精	O	O
而	O	O
崇	O	O
尚	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
玉	O	O
材	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
玉	O	O
；	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
则	O	O
多	O	O
变	O	O
而	O	O
规	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
古	O	O
雅	O	O
之	O	O
意	O	O
较	O	O
浓	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
刻	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
篆	O	O
书	O	O
和	O	O
隶	O	O
书	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
子	O	O
冈	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
子	O	O
刚	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
子	O	O
刚	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
三	O	O
种	O	O
。	O	O
刻	O	O
款	O	O
部	O	O
位	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
讲	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
在	O	O
器	O	O
底	O	O
、	O	O
器	O	O
背	O	O
、	O	O
把	O	O
下	O	O
、	O	O
盖	O	O
里	O	O
等	O	O
不	O	O
显	O	O
眼	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
陆	O	O
子	O	O
冈	O	O
深	O	O
得	O	O
皇	O	O
帝	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
为	O	O
皇	O	O
帝	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
玉	O	O
器	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
刻	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
触	O	O
怒	O	O
了	O	O
皇	O	O
帝	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
被	O	O
杀	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
绝	O	O
技	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
湮	O	O
灭	O	O
，	O	O
徒	O	O
使	O	O
后	O	O
人	O	O
望	O	O
玉	O	O
兴	O	O
叹	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
荷	B	B
兰	E	E
：	O	O
梵	O	O
高	O	O
）	O	O
雪	O	O
花	O	O
把	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
漂	O	O
得	O	O
洁	O	O
白	O	O
烟	O	O
尘	O	O
全	O	O
掸	O	O
净	O	O
了	O	O
亮	O	O
着	O	O
盼	O	O
归	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
们	O	O
那	O	O
盼	O	O
归	O	O
的	O	O
唠	O	O
叨	O	O
燃	O	O
一	O	O
串	O	O
女	O	O
人	O	O
芬	O	O
芳	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
笑	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
纪	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
“	O	O
严	O	O
打	O	O
”	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
任	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
综	O	O
治	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
是	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
倡	O	O
廉	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
纪	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
惩	O	O
治	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
执	O	O
纪	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
不	O	O
严	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
综	O	O
治	O	O
办	O	O
配	O	O
备	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
、	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
胜	O	O
任	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
雪	O	O
中	O	O
送	O	O
炭	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
使	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
更	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
还	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
都	O	O
已	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
费	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
或	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
自	O	O
救	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
谋	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
龚	O	O
杰	O	O
）	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
已	O	O
悄	O	O
悄	O	O
降	O	O
临	O	O
。	O	O
值	O	O
此	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
为	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
把	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
暖	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
度	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
快	O	O
递	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
来	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谭	O	O
国	O	O
器	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
朗	O	O
讯	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
亨	O	O
利	O	O
・	O	O
沙	O	O
赫	O	O
特	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
基	O	O
传	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
外	O	O
办	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
刘	O	O
华	O	O
秋	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
雁	O	O
）	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
叶	O	O
选	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
学	O	O
谦	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
汝	O	O
岱	O	O
、	O	O
赛	O	O
福	O	O
鼎	O	O
・	O	O
艾	O	O
则	O	O
孜	O	O
、	O	O
洪	O	O
学	O	O
智	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
正	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
孚	O	O
凌	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
光	O	O
亚	O	O
、	O	O
万	O	O
国	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
鲁	O	O
丽	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
候	O	O
补	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
向	O	O
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
衣	O	O
被	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
涛	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
雁	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
胡	O	O
锦	O	O
涛	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
合	O	O
影	O	O
留	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
汪	O	O
家	O	O
H	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
张	O	O
全	O	O
景	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
勇	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
云	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
福	O	O
今	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
科	O	O
扬	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
副	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
苏	O	O
星	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
胜	O	O
玉	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
海	O	O
藩	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
春	O	O
贵	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
增	O	O
开	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
疏	O	O
散	O	O
滞	O	O
京	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
搭	O	O
建	O	O
防	O	O
寒	O	O
屋	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
冒	O	O
雪	O	O
进	O	O
驻	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
户	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
能	O	O
住	O	O
上	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
、	O	O
南	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
把	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
栋	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
栋	O	O
和	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
栋	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
栋	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
部	O	O
委	O	O
属	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
策	O	O
群	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
使	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
需	O	O
由	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
；	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
筹	O	O
措	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
与	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
要	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
与	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
的	O	O
衔	O	O
接	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
多	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
和	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
来	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
房	O	O
源	O	O
和	O	O
腾	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
向	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
旧	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
清	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
等	O	O
校	O	O
把	O	O
筒	O	O
子	O	O
楼	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
单	O	O
元	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
花	O	O
钱	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
清	O	O
退	O	O
外	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
或	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
或	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
占	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
退	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
还	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
要	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
税	O	O
征	O	O
收	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
；	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
境	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
捍	O	O
卫	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
削	O	O
弱	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
汲	O	O
取	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
早	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
对	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
戴	O	O
相	O	O
龙	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
稳	O	O
定	O	O
所	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
捍	O	O
卫	O	O
联	O	O
汇	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
健	O	O
儿	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
争	O	O
金	O	O
夺	O	O
银	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
争	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
拿	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
在	O	O
反	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
奥	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
反	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
反	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
反	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
要	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
最	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
、	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
妥	O	O
协	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
伍	O	O
绍	O	O
祖	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
数	O	O
名	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
在	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
痛	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
伍	O	O
绍	O	O
祖	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
去	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
钻	O	O
空	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
败	O	O
坏	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
发	O	O
后	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
肯	O	O
说	O	O
实	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
伍	O	O
绍	O	O
祖	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
听	O	O
招	O	O
呼	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
守	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
信	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
跳	O	O
水	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
蔡	O	O
玉	O	O
燕	O	O
和	O	O
陈	O	O
莉	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
台	O	O
双	O	O
人	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
银	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
乌	B	B
克	M	M
兰	E	E
的	O	O
朱	O	O
皮	O	O
娜	O	O
和	O	O
瑟	O	O
比	O	O
娜	O	O
摘	O	O
走	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
星	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
点	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
头	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
油	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
油	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
与	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
离	O	O
与	O	O
改	O	O
组	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
主	O	O
业	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
老	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
在	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
中	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
好	O	O
同	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
陶	O	O
铸	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
祁	B	B
阳	M	M
县	E	E
潘	B	B
家	M	M
埠	E	M
石	B	M
洞	M	M
源	M	M
村	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
苦	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
入	O	O
黄	O	O
埔	O	O
军	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
年	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
陶	O	O
铸	O	O
转	O	O
战	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
，	O	O
功	O	O
勋	O	O
卓	O	O
著	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	B
昌	O	E
起	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
州	O	O
起	O	O
义	O	O
；	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
厦	B	O
门	E	O
劫	O	O
狱	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
闽	O	O
南	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
闽	B	B
东	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
；	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
鄂	O	O
中	O	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
受	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
与	O	O
傅	O	O
作	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
潜	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
北	B	B
平	E	E
、	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
及	O	O
改	O	O
编	O	O
起	O	O
义	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
南	O	O
下	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
团	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
陶	O	O
铸	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
南	O	O
局	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
拥	O	O
戴	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
大	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
陶	O	O
铸	O	O
同	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
人	O	O
帮	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
陶	O	O
铸	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
被	O	O
林	O	O
彪	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
人	O	O
帮	O	O
”	O	O
迫	O	O
害	O	O
致	O	O
死	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
傅	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
于	O	O
永	O	O
波	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
王	O	O
克	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
各	O	O
军	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
兵	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
酒	O	O
会	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
南	B	B
昌	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
沈	O	O
虹	O	O
冰	O	O
）	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
江	B	O
西	M	O
省	E	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
朱	O	O
治	O	O
宏	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
梅	O	O
亦	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
国	O	O
镇	O	O
、	O	O
厉	O	O
志	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
京	O	O
承	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
定	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
喻	O	O
长	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
运	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
沃	O	O
祖	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
华	O	O
康	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
乌	B	B
鲁	M	M
木	M	M
齐	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
新	B	B
疆	M	M
维	M	M
吾	M	M
尔	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
贾	O	O
那	O	O
布	O	O
尔	O	O
（	O	O
哈	O	O
萨	O	O
克	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
友	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
毛	O	O
德	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
东	O	O
辉	O	O
、	O	O
玉	O	O
素	O	O
甫	O	O
・	O	O
艾	O	O
沙	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
别	O	O
克	O	O
木	O	O
哈	O	O
买	O	O
提	O	O
・	O	O
木	O	O
沙	O	O
（	O	O
哈	O	O
萨	O	O
克	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
志	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
汉	O	O
儒	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
贵	O	O
亭	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
荣	O	O
汗	O	O
阿	O	O
吉	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
帕	O	O
夏	O	O
・	O	O
依	O	O
夏	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
、	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
赛	O	O
尔	O	O
杰	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
不	O	O
都	O	O
热	O	O
依	O	O
木	O	O
・	O	O
阿	O	O
吉	O	O
依	O	O
明	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
振	O	O
中	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
圣	B	B
马	M	M
力	M	M
诺	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
袁	O	O
锦	O	O
林	O	O
）	O	O
圣	B	B
马	M	M
力	M	M
诺	E	E
执	O	O
政	O	O
官	O	O
路	O	O
易	O	O
吉	O	O
・	O	O
马	O	O
扎	O	O
和	O	O
马	B	O
里	E	O
诺	O	O
・	O	O
扎	O	O
诺	O	O
蒂	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
圣	B	B
马	M	M
力	M	M
诺	E	E
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
钦	O	O
佩	O	O
圣	B	O
马	M	O
力	M	O
诺	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
圣	B	B
马	M	M
力	M	M
诺	E	E
奉	O	O
行	O	O
中	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
圣	B	B
马	M	M
力	M	M
诺	E	E
是	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
最	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
圣	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
圣	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
与	O	O
小	O	O
国	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
对	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
邮	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
卓	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
愿	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
圣	B	B
马	M	M
力	M	M
诺	E	E
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
雅	B	B
加	M	M
达	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
洪	O	O
秉	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
印	B	B
度	M	M
尼	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
苏	O	O
哈	O	O
托	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
同	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
康	O	O
德	O	O
苏	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
加	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
后	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
内	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
草	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
亚	O	O
松	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
菲	B	B
律	M	M
宾	E	E
的	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
驻	O	O
外	O	O
使	O	O
领	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
将	O	O
被	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
使	O	O
领	O	O
馆	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
将	O	O
应	O	O
召	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
批	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
原	O	O
先	O	O
的	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
等	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
阻	O	O
挡	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
面	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
界	O	O
有	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
和	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
抗	O	O
议	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
侵	O	O
犯	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
朗	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
抗	O	O
议	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
停	O	O
止	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
置	O	O
信	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
还	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
支	O	O
持	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
强	O	O
硬	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
让	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
境	O	O
内	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
果	O	O
永	O	O
毅	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
芳	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
以	O	O
许	O	O
中	O	O
田	O	O
副	O	O
社	O	O
长	O	O
为	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
《	O	O
费	B	B
加	M	M
罗	E	E
报	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
新	O	O
社	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
坚	O	O
定	O	O
地	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
了	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
继	O	O
续	O	O
对	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
码	O	O
头	O	O
等	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
届	O	O
美	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
委	B	B
内	M	M
瑞	M	M
拉	E	E
首	O	O
都	O	O
加	B	B
拉	M	M
加	M	M
斯	E	E
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
美	B	B
洲	E	E
２	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
及	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
迈	B	B
阿	M	M
密	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
议	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
专	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
南	B	B
斯	M	M
拉	M	M
夫	M	M
联	M	M
盟	M	M
黑	M	M
山	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
的	O	O
米	O	O
洛	O	O
・	O	O
久	O	O
卡	O	O
诺	O	O
维	O	O
奇	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
采	B	O
蒂	M	O
涅	E	O
宣	O	O
誓	O	O
就	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O
久	O	O
卡	O	O
诺	O	O
维	O	O
奇	O	O
在	O	O
就	O	O
职	O	O
演	O	O
说	O	O
中	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
捍	O	O
卫	O	O
黑	B	B
山	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
和	O	O
南	O	B
斯	O	M
拉	O	M
夫	O	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
铸	O	O
造	O	O
新	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
张	O	O
庚	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
雪	O	O
、	O	O
欧	O	O
阳	O	O
山	O	O
尊	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
可	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
默	O	O
然	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
晓	O	O
钟	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
邦	O	O
玉	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
振	O	O
环	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
有	O	O
亮	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
薪	O	O
伊	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
连	O	O
昆	O	O
、	O	O
康	O	O
洪	O	O
兴	O	O
、	O	O
查	O	O
明	O	O
哲	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
晓	O	O
鹰	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
家	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
联	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
李	O	O
默	O	O
然	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
的	O	O
蓝	O	O
图	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
和	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
并	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
五	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
源	O	O
是	O	O
沸	O	O
腾	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
所	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
从	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
、	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
说	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
逢	O	O
盛	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
重	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
密	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
文	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
作	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
奋	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
在	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
用	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
独	O	O
具	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
流	O	O
传	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
脍	O	O
炙	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
性	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
和	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
曹	O	O
禺	O	O
、	O	O
夏	O	O
衍	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
汉	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
沫	O	O
若	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	O
舍	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
皆	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
功	O	O
底	O	O
。	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
曾	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
源	O	O
泉	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
马	O	O
列	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
过	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
二	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
百	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
主	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
旅	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
中	O	O
打	O	O
转	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
钻	O	O
研	O	O
构	O	O
剧	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
根	O	O
基	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
（	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
）	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
条	O	O
腿	O	O
走	O	O
路	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
古	O	O
今	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
“	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
所	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
风	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
所	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
已	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
宽	O	O
松	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
所	O	O
造	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
以	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
学	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
和	O	O
扩	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
卫	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
；	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
剧	O	O
场	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
剧	O	O
场	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
也	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
喜	O	O
闻	O	O
乐	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
样	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
正	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
转	O	O
型	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
化	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
化	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
所	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
的	O	O
为	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
兴	O	O
亡	O	O
而	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
趋	O	O
向	O	O
于	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
坎	O	O
坷	O	O
而	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
话	O	O
剧	O	O
界	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
：	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
话	O	O
剧	O	O
是	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
诸	O	O
多	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
样	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
最	O	O
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
；	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
最	O	O
迅	O	O
敏	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
；	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
高	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
品	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
及	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
；	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
着	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
剧	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
代	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
所	O	O
陌	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
事	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
索	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
审	O	O
美	O	O
旅	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
与	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
界	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
动	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
！	O	O
自	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
由	O	O
欧	O	O
美	O	O
移	O	O
植	O	O
入	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
以	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
生	O	O
根	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
镌	O	O
刻	O	O
下	O	O
绚	O	O
丽	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
足	O	O
迹	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
公	O	O
认	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
占	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
更	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
《	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
租	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
《	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
与	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
何	O	O
炼	O	O
成	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
只	O	O
有	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
和	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
地	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
《	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
洪	O	O
银	O	O
兴	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
思	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
。	O	O
樊	O	O
纲	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
批	O	O
判	O	O
“	O	O
苏	B	B
联	E	E
范	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
敬	O	O
琏	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
教	O	O
科	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
落	O	O
伍	O	O
于	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
批	O	O
判	O	O
和	O	O
摒	O	O
弃	O	O
。	O	O
胡	O	O
家	O	O
勇	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
斯	O	O
大	O	O
林	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
苏	B	B
联	E	E
模	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
亨	O	O
廷	O	O
顿	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
最	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
儒	O	O
教	O	O
与	O	O
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
兰	O	O
教	O	O
。	O	O
儒	O	O
教	O	O
、	O	O
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
兰	O	O
教	O	O
与	O	O
拉	B	O
丁	M	O
美	M	O
洲	E	O
、	O	O
东	B	B
欧	E	E
、	O	O
前	O	O
苏	B	B
联	E	E
不	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
难	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
亨	O	O
廷	O	O
顿	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
亨	O	O
廷	O	O
顿	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
非	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
崛	O	O
起	O	O
和	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
所	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
自	O	O
重	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
自	O	O
省	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
忧	O	O
患	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
３	O	O
）	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
将	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
反	O	O
弹	O	O
。	O	O
亨	O	O
廷	O	O
顿	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
西	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
复	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
基	O	O
督	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
俗	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
非	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
境	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
想	O	O
把	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
强	O	O
行	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
中	O	O
自	O	O
决	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
相	O	O
背	O	O
离	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
而	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
的	O	O
焦	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
亨	O	O
廷	O	O
顿	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
及	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
冷	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
所	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
法	O	O
（	O	O
试	O	O
行	O	O
）	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
了	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
活	O	O
泼	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
也	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
由	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
到	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
实	O	O
证	O	O
化	O	O
趋	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
实	O	O
证	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
跃	O	O
迁	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
与	O	O
在	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
密	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
、	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
而	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
了	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
实	O	O
际	O	O
生	O	O
搬	O	O
硬	O	O
套	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
条	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
否	O	O
定	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
批	O	O
判	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
和	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
在	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
了	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
转	O	O
型	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
转	O	O
型	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
流	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
同	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
硬	O	O
性	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
交	O	O
互	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
对	O	O
非	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
壮	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
地	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
和	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
而	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
也	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
俊	O	O
峰	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
视	O	O
角	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
把	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
中	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
『	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
』	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
论	O	O
断	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
傅	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
四	O	O
对	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
、	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
转	O	O
型	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
地	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
在	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
把	O	O
实	O	O
证	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
有	O	O
根	O	O
有	O	O
据	O	O
。	O	O
譬	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
演	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
转	O	O
型	O	O
期	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
进	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
证	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
证	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
纪	O	O
力	O	O
清	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
下	O	O
以	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
或	O	O
参	O	O
股	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
保	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
和	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
商	O	O
贸	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
求	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
“	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
、	O	O
权	O	O
责	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
企	O	O
分	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
稳	O	O
妥	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
在	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
抓	O	O
大	O	O
放	O	O
小	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
省	O	O
对	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
商	O	O
贸	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
、	O	O
顺	B	B
德	E	E
等	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
行	O	O
之	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
搞	O	O
活	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
是	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
优	O	O
胜	O	O
劣	O	O
汰	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
盗	O	O
窃	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
资	O	O
财	O	O
、	O	O
截	O	O
留	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
、	O	O
挪	O	O
用	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
等	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
虽	O	O
未	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
但	O	O
已	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
了	O	O
财	O	O
经	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
揭	O	O
露	O	O
和	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
查	O	O
出	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
挽	O	O
回	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
越	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
越	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
或	O	O
缺	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
较	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
法	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
到	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
向	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
更	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
列	O	O
宁	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
俄	B	B
国	E	E
建	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
就	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
极	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
极	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
俗	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
巧	O	O
妇	O	O
难	O	O
为	O	O
无	O	O
米	O	O
之	O	O
炊	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
无	O	O
”	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
变	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
难	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
无	O	O
米	O	O
”	O	O
也	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
是	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
缺	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
“	O	O
想	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
存	O	O
量	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
引	O	O
财	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
“	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
生	O	O
财	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
为	O	O
、	O	O
巧	O	O
为	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
和	O	O
善	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
和	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
法	O	O
作	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
事	O	O
有	O	O
难	O	O
易	O	O
乎	O	O
？	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
难	O	O
者	O	O
亦	O	O
易	O	O
矣	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
易	O	O
者	O	O
亦	O	O
难	O	O
矣	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
巧	O	O
妇	O	O
难	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
巧	O	O
妇	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
一	O	O
字	O	O
之	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
折	O	O
射	O	O
出	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
熠	O	O
熠	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
林	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
姚	O	O
昌	O	O
恬	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
林	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
创	O	O
汇	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
所	O	O
特	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
俏	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
以	O	O
核	O	O
桃	O	O
、	O	O
板	O	O
栗	O	O
、	O	O
枣	O	O
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
果	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
以	O	O
桐	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
漆	O	O
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
中	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
桐	O	O
油	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
占	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
量	O	O
约	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
油	O	O
茶	O	O
、	O	O
银	O	O
杏	O	O
、	O	O
乌	O	O
桕	O	O
等	O	O
树	O	O
种	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
所	O	O
特	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
林	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
良	O	O
种	O	O
繁	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
苗	O	O
木	O	O
栽	O	O
培	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
贮	O	O
藏	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
遗	O	O
传	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
等	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
改	O	O
良	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
良	O	O
种	O	O
苗	O	O
木	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
等	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
在	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
苹	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
柑	O	O
桔	O	O
、	O	O
薄	O	O
壳	O	O
核	O	O
桃	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
出	O	O
油	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
油	O	O
茶	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
和	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
从	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
林	O	O
农	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
和	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
帮	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
派	O	O
生	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
其	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
种	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
；	O	O
其	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
批	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
致	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
钦	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
尝	O	O
试	O	O
从	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
做	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
乡	O	O
一	O	O
品	O	O
与	O	O
多	O	O
乡	O	O
一	O	O
品	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
多	O	O
乡	O	O
一	O	O
品	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
乡	O	O
一	O	O
品	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
批	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
与	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
客	O	O
商	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
大	O	O
购	O	O
大	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
显	O	O
出	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
各	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
抓	O	O
了	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
上	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
多	O	O
乡	O	O
一	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
浦	B	B
北	M	M
县	E	E
重	O	O
点	O	O
抓	O	O
香	O	O
蕉	O	O
、	O	O
荔	O	O
枝	O	O
、	O	O
龙	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
与	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
分	O	O
户	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
分	O	O
户	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
要	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
种	O	O
苗	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
等	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
为	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
联	O	O
结	O	O
千	O	O
家	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
分	O	O
户	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
起	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
就	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
片	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
均	O	O
居	O	O
广	B	O
西	E	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
宿	B	B
豫	M	M
县	E	E
经	O	O
过	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
』	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
斐	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
春	O	O
夏	O	O
秋	O	O
冬	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
瓜	O	O
果	O	O
都	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
丰	O	O
盛	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
县	O	O
果	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
一	O	O
角	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
不	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
；	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
强	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
；	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
；	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
首	O	O
席	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
过	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
项	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O
获	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
的	O	O
叶	O	O
明	O	O
强	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
完	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
无	O	O
从	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
应	O	O
从	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
奖	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
奖	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	B
国	O	E
女	O	O
王	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
奖	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
按	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
声	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
首	O	O
席	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
和	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
空	O	O
缺	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
是	O	O
按	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
磨	O	O
合	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
三	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
中	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
最	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
和	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
供	O	O
求	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
为	O	O
『	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
者	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
相	O	O
近	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
率	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
则	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
无	O	O
形	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
售	O	O
价	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
高	O	O
出	O	O
几	O	O
倍	O	O
、	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
倍	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
供	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
获	O	O
取	O	O
高	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
高	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
于	O	O
高	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
约	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
方	O	O
正	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
选	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
向	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
方	O	O
正	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
排	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
文	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
到	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
方	O	O
正	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
挑	O	O
剔	O	O
的	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
把	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
微	O	O
软	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
比	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
盖	O	O
茨	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
任	O	O
继	O	O
东	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
与	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
看	O	O
待	O	O
这	O	O
火	O	O
热	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
？	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赴	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
此	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
了	O	O
柳	O	O
军	O	O
飞	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
志	O	O
美	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
杭	O	O
文	O	O
欣	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
、	O	O
许	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
灵	O	O
智	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
陈	O	O
援	O	O
。	O	O
银	O	O
河	O	O
―	O	O
Ⅲ	O	O
巨	O	O
型	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
深	O	O
海	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
人	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
迈	O	O
上	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
以	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
微	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
器	O	O
件	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
对	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
柳	O	O
军	O	O
飞	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
从	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
归	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
在	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
参	O	O
观	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
则	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
则	O	O
数	O	O
千	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
的	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
仅	O	O
次	O	O
于	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
居	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
把	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
方	O	O
正	O	O
算	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
无	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
在	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
能	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
扬	O	O
长	O	O
避	O	O
短	O	O
、	O	O
脚	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
往	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
贴	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
旗	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
舞	O	O
几	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
舞	O	O
几	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
埋	O	O
头	O	O
苦	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
抬	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
远	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
有	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
隆	O	O
重	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
李	O	O
晴	O	O
祺	O	O
、	O	O
包	O	O
文	O	O
翊	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
“	O	O
冬	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
矮	O	O
秆	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
抗	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
新	O	O
种	O	O
质	O	O
‘	O	O
矮	O	O
孟	O	O
牛	O	O
’	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
及	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
摘	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
本	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
桂	O	O
冠	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
原	O	O
产	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
牛	O	O
朱	O	O
特	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｕ	O	O
ｚ	O	O
ｕ	O	O
ｃ	O	O
ｈ	O	O
ｔ	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
育	O	O
种	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
抗	O	O
病	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
特	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
穗	O	O
大	O	O
粒	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
使	O	O
李	O	O
晴	O	O
祺	O	O
、	O	O
包	O	O
文	O	O
翊	O	O
喜	O	O
出	O	O
望	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
它	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
：	O	O
植	O	O
株	O	O
高	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
期	O	O
竟	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
晚	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
组	O	O
配	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
顶	O	O
着	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
用	O	O
“	O	O
牛	O	O
朱	O	O
特	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
有	O	O
棱	O	O
角	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
偏	O	O
材	O	O
”	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
育	O	O
种	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
奇	O	O
材	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
组	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
文	O	O
翊	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
多	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
丝	O	O
不	O	O
苟	O	O
地	O	O
去	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
麦	O	O
收	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
田	O	O
间	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
很	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
文	O	O
翊	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
进	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
六	O	O
月	O	O
天	O	O
烈	O	O
日	O	O
当	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
麦	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
温	O	O
度	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
九	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
麦	O	O
田	O	O
里	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
棒	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
干	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
都	O	O
撑	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
包	O	O
文	O	O
翊	O	O
大	O	O
忙	O	O
时	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
永	O	O
晴	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
地	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
补	O	O
集	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
繁	O	O
衍	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
陈	O	O
代	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
戏	O	O
谑	O	O
或	O	O
赞	O	O
许	O	O
的	O	O
笑	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
各	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
答	O	O
案	O	O
报	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
跨	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
沙	O	O
龙	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
届	O	O
地	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
后	O	O
所	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
幼	O	O
稚	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
类	O	O
拔	O	O
萃	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
手	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
难	O	O
堪	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
汲	O	O
取	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
复	O	O
新	O	O
剂	O	O
为	O	O
何	O	O
能	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
？	O	O
这	O	O
得	O	O
从	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
（	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
―	O	O
Ｒ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
等	O	O
）	O	O
碟	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
以	O	O
聚	O	O
碳	O	O
酸	O	O
酯	O	O
为	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
压	O	O
制	O	O
出	O	O
厚	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
基	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
用	O	O
预	O	O
制	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
模	O	O
具	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
片	O	O
上	O	O
压	O	O
制	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
圈	O	O
圈	O	O
小	O	O
坑	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
就	O	O
隐	O	O
含	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
肉	O	O
眼	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
坑	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
再	O	O
用	O	O
真	O	O
空	O	O
镀	O	O
膜	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
片	O	O
背	O	O
面	O	O
镀	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
１	O	O
微	O	O
米	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
膜	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
上	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
就	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
的	O	O
镀	O	O
膜	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
覆	O	O
膜	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
皱	O	O
，	O	O
胶	O	O
层	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
与	O	O
镀	O	O
膜	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
损	O	O
伤	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
材	O	O
质	O	O
都	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
抛	O	O
光	O	O
剂	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
温	O	O
州	O	O
吉	O	O
亨	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
碟	O	O
片	O	O
复	O	O
新	O	O
剂	O	O
就	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
清	O	O
洁	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
污	O	O
渍	O	O
、	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
划	O	O
痕	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
；	O	O
碟	O	O
片	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
膜	O	O
则	O	O
能	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
镀	O	O
膜	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
损	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
安	B	B
徽	E	E
大	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
颗	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
星	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
熠	O	O
熠	O	O
闪	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
论	O	O
短	O	O
长	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
周	O	O
朝	O	O
荣	O	O
钱	O	O
云	O	O
强	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
铭	O	O
记	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
程	O	O
维	O	O
高	O	O
火	O	O
速	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
省	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
项	O	O
果	O	O
敢	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
道	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
传	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
叶	O	O
连	O	O
松	O	O
急	O	O
驰	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
集	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
。	O	O
房	O	O
在	O	O
摇	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
颤	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
县	O	O
三	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
不	O	O
紊	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
魔	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
狰	O	O
狞	O	O
面	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
突	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
骤	O	O
冷	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
定	O	O
过	O	O
神	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
又	O	O
罩	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
阴	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
夜	O	O
已	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
雪	O	O
狂	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
线	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
中	O	O
枢	O	O
张	B	B
北	M	M
县	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
许	O	O
永	O	O
跃	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
召	O	O
集	O	O
各	O	O
路	O	O
“	O	O
主	O	O
帅	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
商	O	O
讨	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
解	O	O
燃	O	O
眉	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
冻	O	O
死	O	O
冻	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
冲	O	O
上	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
某	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
军	O	O
三	O	O
连	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
拉	O	O
练	O	O
途	O	O
中	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
营	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
星	O	O
夜	O	O
疾	O	O
驰	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
李	B	B
家	M	M
沟	E	E
。	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
们	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
背	O	O
包	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
户	O	O
摸	O	O
底	O	O
。	O	O
缺	O	O
吃	O	O
的	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
调	O	O
运	O	O
空	O	O
投	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
饼	O	O
馒	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
凿	O	O
开	O	O
一	O	O
眼	O	O
毁	O	O
坏	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
井	O	O
；	O	O
少	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
把	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
户	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
棉	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
住	O	O
小	O	O
窝	O	O
棚	O	O
；	O	O
救	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
将	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
县	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
那	O	O
场	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
心	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
军	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
死	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
”	O	O
：	O	O
凡	O	O
有	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
进	O	O
驻	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
住	O	O
进	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
军	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
前	O	O
线	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
都	O	O
下	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
“	O	O
督	O	O
战	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
张	B	B
北	M	M
县	E	E
两	O	O
位	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
高	O	O
建	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
玉	O	O
平	O	O
把	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
从	O	O
大	B	B
连	E	E
接	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
卧	O	O
铺	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
开	O	O
往	O	O
大	B	B
河	M	M
乡	E	E
，	O	O
把	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
老	O	O
弱	O	O
病	O	O
残	O	O
者	O	O
扶	O	O
上	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
暖	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
里	O	O
边	O	O
过	O	O
夜	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
双	B	O
脑	M	O
包	M	O
村	E	O
三	O	O
级	O	O
甲	O	O
等	O	O
残	O	O
废	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
韩	O	O
玉	O	O
贵	O	O
受	O	O
难	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
医	O	O
科	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
附	O	O
属	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
雪	O	O
天	O	O
路	O	O
窄	O	O
湿	O	O
滑	O	O
，	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
开	O	O
到	O	O
山	O	O
包	O	O
后	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
当	O	O
即	O	O
徒	O	O
步	O	O
数	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
交	O	O
到	O	O
韩	O	O
玉	O	O
贵	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
暖	O	O
心	O	O
窝	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
谈	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
委	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
教	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
所	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
划	O	O
转	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
企	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
近	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
所	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
建	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
高	O	O
教	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
“	O	O
条	O	O
块	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
条	O	O
块	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
教	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
向	O	O
着	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
和	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
教	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
滞	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
条	O	O
块	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
；	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
并	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
滞	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
；	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
淡	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
隶	O	O
属	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
总	O	O
的	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
附	O	O
属	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
下	O	O
以	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
也	O	O
还	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
和	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
朱	O	O
开	O	O
轩	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
省	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
陈	O	O
焕	O	O
友	O	O
等	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
了	O	O
扬	O	O
州	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
扬	O	O
州	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
扬	O	O
州	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
６	O	O
所	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
而	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
科	O	O
性	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
性	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
校	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
简	O	O
了	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
科	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
复	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
城	O	O
”	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
扬	B	B
州	E	E
崛	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
六	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
要	O	O
『	O	O
求	O	O
深	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
要	O	O
『	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
要	O	O
『	O	O
求	O	O
精	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
件	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
两	O	O
手	O	O
抓	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
手	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
硬	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
委	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
齐	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
新	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
地	O	O
抓	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
地	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
走	O	O
必	O	O
由	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
晋	B	B
城	M	M
市	E	E
整	O	O
体	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
达	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
和	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
人	O	O
先	O	O
富	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
事	O	O
物	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
由	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
晋	B	B
城	E	E
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
山	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
辖	O	O
地	O	O
级	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
核	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
尚	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
和	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
范	O	O
畴	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
并	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
晋	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
三	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
抓	O	O
出	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
村	O	O
和	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
村	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
步	O	O
用	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
抓	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
川	O	O
、	O	O
丘	O	O
陵	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
达	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
步	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
村	O	O
和	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
越	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
泽	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
高	B	O
平	E	O
、	O	O
阳	B	B
城	E	E
４	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
占	O	O
到	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
达	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
各	O	O
打	O	O
各	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
仗	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
唱	O	O
各	O	O
的	O	O
拿	O	O
手	O	O
戏	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
各	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
：	O	O
如	O	O
“	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
从	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
到	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
头	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
兴	O	O
工	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
型	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
腾	O	O
飞	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
曲	O	O
志	O	O
红	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
祝	O	O
华	O	O
新	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
“	O	O
夏	O	O
商	O	O
周	O	O
断	O	O
代	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
性	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
多	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
解	O	O
开	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
古	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
谜	O	O
团	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
及	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
一	O	O
一	O	O
向	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
征	O	O
询	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
和	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
对	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
保	O	O
温	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
和	O	O
取	O	O
暖	O	O
器	O	O
具	O	O
还	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
煤	O	O
炭	O	O
、	O	O
草	O	O
苫	O	O
、	O	O
草	O	O
垫	O	O
、	O	O
荆	O	O
笆	O	O
、	O	O
炉	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
烟	O	O
筒	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
测	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
过	O	O
冬	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
煤	O	O
炭	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
只	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
需	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
、	O	O
钢	O	O
材	O	O
、	O	O
砖	O	O
石	O	O
等	O	O
建	O	O
材	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
西	B	B
安	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
陕	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
李	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
山	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
揆	O	O
楚	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
天	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
绩	O	O
初	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
大	O	O
谋	O	O
、	O	O
桂	O	O
中	O	O
岳	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
跃	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
枢	O	O
机	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
程	O	O
安	O	O
东	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
贾	O	O
治	O	O
邦	O	O
、	O	O
范	O	O
肖	O	O
梅	O	O
、	O	O
巩	O	O
德	O	O
顺	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
连	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
寿	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
德	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
伟	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
宗	O	O
兴	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
王	O	O
发	O	O
荣	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
呼	B	B
和	M	M
浩	M	M
特	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
柴	O	O
海	O	O
亮	O	O
、	O	O
尹	O	O
洪	O	O
东	O	O
）	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
刘	O	O
明	O	O
祖	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
白	O	O
音	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
志	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
廷	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
包	O	O
文	O	O
发	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
贾	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
秀	O	O
梅	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
、	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
舍	O	O
勒	O	O
巴	O	O
图	O	O
（	O	O
鄂	O	O
伦	O	O
春	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
鹤	O	O
松	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
瑞	O	O
清	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
云	O	O
布	O	O
龙	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
德	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
沈	O	O
淑	O	O
济	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
维	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
凤	O	O
岐	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
宝	O	O
音	O	O
德	O	O
力	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
云	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
傅	O	O
守	O	O
正	O	O
、	O	O
郝	O	O
益	O	O
东	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
巴	O	O
士	O	O
杰	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
开	O	O
展	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
常	O	O
抓	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
贯	O	O
穿	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
贾	O	O
庆	O	O
林	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
低	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
把	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
和	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
养	O	O
老	O	O
、	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
局	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
转	O	O
业	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
自	O	O
救	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
富	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
贴	O	O
息	O	O
等	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
有	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
转	O	O
岗	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
。	O	O
渐	O	O
趋	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
网	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
减	O	O
震	O	O
器	O	O
”	O	O
及	O	O
较	O	O
雄	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
使	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
从	O	O
容	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
合	B	B
肥	M	M
市	E	E
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
老	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
户	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
养	O	O
老	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
老	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
金	O	O
台	O	O
账	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
税	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
取	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
金	O	O
中	O	O
提	O	O
取	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
市	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
中	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
提	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
大	O	O
块	O	O
相	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
、	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
了	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
临	O	O
近	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
块	O	O
写	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
柜	O	O
台	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
牌	O	O
摆	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	M	M
市	E	E
１	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
专	O	O
柜	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
持	O	O
有	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
证	O	O
”	O	O
购	O	O
物	O	O
即	O	O
可	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
兴	M	M
沈	M	M
阳	M	M
商	M	M
业	M	M
大	M	M
厦	E	E
特	O	O
困	O	O
柜	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
黎	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杜	O	O
英	O	O
姿	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
忠	O	O
德	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
厅	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
成	O	O
立	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
献	O	O
礼	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
证	O	O
监	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
周	O	O
正	O	O
庆	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
兼	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
证	O	O
监	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
陈	O	O
耀	O	O
先	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
『	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
还	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
并	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
（	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
）	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
兆	O	O
国	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
在	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
如	O	O
既	O	O
往	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
为	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
施	O	O
展	O	O
才	O	O
华	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
才	O	O
智	O	O
和	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
同	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
交	O	O
深	O	O
交	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
；	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
竭	O	O
诚	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
排	O	O
忧	O	O
解	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
为	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
建	O	O
功	O	O
立	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
抱	O	O
负	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
选	O	O
民	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
萨	O	O
达	O	O
姆	O	O
还	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
不	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
望	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
来	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
里	O	O
特	O	O
撤	O	O
离	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
驻	O	O
地	O	O
“	O	O
运	B	O
河	M	O
饭	M	O
店	E	O
”	O	O
外	O	O
面	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
撤	O	O
离	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
并	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
伊	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
有	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
德	B	B
黑	M	M
兰	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
荣	O	O
松	O	O
）	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
最	O	O
高	O	O
领	O	O
袖	O	O
哈	O	O
梅	O	O
内	O	O
伊	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
将	O	O
不	O	O
与	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
与	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
建	O	O
立	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
常	O	O
抓	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
解	O	O
忧	O	O
困	O	O
贯	O	O
穿	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
合	B	O
肥	E	O
四	O	O
万	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
纯	O	O
欧	O	O
式	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
厅	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
橱	O	O
里	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
书	O	O
籍	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
桌	O	O
上	O	O
摆	O	O
着	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
瓷	O	O
器	O	O
和	O	O
石	O	O
雕	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
厅	O	O
里	O	O
随	O	O
处	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
身	O	O
材	O	O
小	O	O
巧	O	O
玲	O	O
珑	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
跪	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
毯	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
忙	O	O
着	O	O
摆	O	O
弄	O	O
放	O	O
满	O	O
酒	O	O
、	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
茶	O	O
几	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
用	O	O
流	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
滔	O	O
滔	O	O
不	O	O
绝	O	O
地	O	O
陈	O	O
述	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
度	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
光	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
画	O	O
家	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
南	B	B
斯	M	M
拉	M	M
夫	E	E
办	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
把	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
盼	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
她	O	O
白	O	O
皙	O	O
的	O	O
脸	O	O
和	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
的	O	O
眸	O	O
神	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
流	O	O
露	O	O
着	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
初	O	O
次	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
玛	O	O
丽	O	O
娜	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
南	B	B
斯	M	M
拉	M	M
夫	E	E
的	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
。	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
于	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
格	O	O
莱	O	O
德	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
初	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
班	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
招	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
她	O	O
又	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
事	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
、	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
南	B	B
斯	M	M
拉	M	M
夫	E	E
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
以	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
及	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
以	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
旅	O	O
南	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
和	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
还	O	O
自	O	O
筹	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
刊	O	O
物	O	O
《	O	O
花	O	O
蕾	O	O
》	O	O
；	O	O
翻	O	O
译	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
电	O	O
影	O	O
并	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
南	B	B
斯	M	M
拉	M	M
夫	E	M
中	B	M
国	E	E
电	O	O
影	O	O
周	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
盛	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
聚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
身	O	O
居	O	O
异	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
、	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
如	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
靠	O	O
近	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
会	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
忘	O	O
掉	O	O
，	O	O
乌	B	B
斯	M	M
怀	M	M
亚	E	E
是	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
南	O	O
端	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
南	O	O
纬	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
大	O	O
陆	O	O
隔	O	O
德	B	O
雷	M	O
克	M	O
海	M	O
峡	E	O
相	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
处	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
冷	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
温	O	O
度	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
冬	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
晴	O	O
好	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
零	O	O
度	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
再	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
羊	O	O
毛	O	O
衫	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
加	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
皮	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
足	O	O
矣	O	O
。	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
封	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
连	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
日	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
温	O	O
度	O	O
也	O	O
只	O	O
在	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
七	O	O
八	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
。	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
度	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
可	O	O
达	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
七	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
夜	O	O
晚	O	O
仍	O	O
要	O	O
盖	O	O
好	O	O
被	O	O
子	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
暖	O	O
气	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
睡	O	O
得	O	O
安	O	O
稳	O	O
。	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
绵	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
短	O	O
促	O	O
的	O	O
乌	B	B
斯	M	M
怀	M	M
亚	E	E
，	O	O
四	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
峰	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
年	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
着	O	O
白	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
山	O	O
坡	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
是	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
翠	O	O
绿	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
地	O	O
则	O	O
芳	O	O
草	O	O
萋	O	O
萋	O	O
，	O	O
牛	O	O
羊	O	O
成	O	O
群	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
然	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
枯	O	O
枝	O	O
遍	O	O
野	O	O
、	O	O
满	O	O
目	O	O
荒	O	O
凉	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
降	O	O
旗	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
长	O	O
度	O	O
放	O	O
大	O	O
两	O	O
倍	O	O
的	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
网	O	O
线	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
是	O	O
印	O	O
巴	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
镶	O	O
有	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
徽	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
扇	O	O
透	O	O
空	O	O
铁	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
东	O	O
为	O	O
印	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
为	O	O
巴	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
扇	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
门	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
约	O	O
两	O	O
米	O	O
宽	O	O
的	O	O
隔	O	O
离	O	O
带	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
发	O	O
球	O	O
线	O	O
”	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
各	O	O
搭	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
用	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
和	O	O
英	O	O
文	O	O
书	O	O
写	O	O
“	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
装	O	O
饰	O	O
性	O	O
牌	O	O
楼	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
周	O	O
草	O	O
木	O	O
葱	O	O
茏	O	O
，	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
盛	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
各	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
武	O	O
士	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
从	O	O
场	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
冲	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
门	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
跺	O	O
脚	O	O
和	O	O
喊	O	O
叫	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
两	O	O
扇	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
门	O	O
”	O	O
使	O	O
劲	O	O
地	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
并	O	O
撞	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
哐	O	O
啷	O	O
”	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
算	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
回	O	O
合	O	O
吧	O	O
，	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
山	O	O
呼	O	O
。	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
各	O	O
３	O	O
名	O	O
武	O	O
士	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
抵	O	O
近	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
门	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
旗	O	O
绳	O	O
拽	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
由	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
向	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
请	O	O
示	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
巴	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
降	O	O
旗	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
人	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
门	O	O
”	O	O
两	O	O
侧	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
手	O	O
一	O	O
齐	O	O
将	O	O
军	O	O
号	O	O
吹	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
在	O	O
号	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
徐	O	O
徐	O	O
滑	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
降	O	O
毕	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
将	O	O
旗	O	O
叠	O	O
好	O	O
并	O	O
捧	O	O
过	O	O
眉	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
头	O	O
微	O	O
微	O	O
垂	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
武	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
护	O	O
送	O	O
下	O	O
背	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
门	O	O
”	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
境	O	O
深	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
降	O	O
旗	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
名	O	O
片	O	O
这	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
张	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
丹	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
的	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
严	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
院	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
张	O	O
床	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
享	O	O
誉	O	O
全	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
很	O	O
中	O	O
肯	O	O
地	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
与	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
多	O	O
提	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
后	O	O
设	O	O
晚	O	O
宴	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
晚	O	O
宴	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
得	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
置	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
端	O	O
上	O	O
几	O	O
盘	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
瓶	O	O
饮	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
杯	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
。	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
烟	O	O
酒	O	O
茶	O	O
糖	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
恰	O	O
到	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
宾	O	O
客	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
谈	O	O
吐	O	O
自	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
品	O	O
尝	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
风	O	O
味	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
表	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
祖	O	O
籍	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
华	O	O
裔	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
了	O	O
如	O	O
指	O	O
掌	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
讲	O	O
究	O	O
排	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
铺	O	O
张	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
吃	O	O
大	O	O
喝	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
惯	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
细	O	O
微	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
得	O	O
井	O	O
井	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
天	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
便	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
驾	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
带	O	O
随	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
搞	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
讲	O	O
究	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
使	O	O
在	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
姜	O	O
铮	O	O
塞	B	B
纳	M	M
河	E	E
是	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
河	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
是	O	O
从	O	O
塞	B	B
纳	M	M
河	E	E
的	O	O
浪	O	O
花	O	O
上	O	O
浮	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
河	O	O
中	O	O
那	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
半	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
岛	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
同	O	O
小	O	O
舟	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
似	O	O
摇	O	O
篮	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
她	O	O
飘	O	O
浮	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
不	O	O
沉	O	O
没	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
的	O	O
城	O	O
徽	O	O
上	O	O
嵌	O	O
刻	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
句	O	O
箴	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
巴	O	O
尔	O	O
扎	O	O
克	O	O
赞	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
之	O	O
船	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
，	O	O
已	O	O
依	O	O
偎	O	O
在	O	O
塞	B	B
纳	M	M
河	E	E
绵	O	O
延	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
柔	O	O
波	O	O
旁	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
塞	B	B
纳	M	M
河	M	E
畔	E	O
巴	B	O
士	M	O
底	M	O
广	M	O
场	E	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
大	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
奏	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
、	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
、	O	O
博	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
倦	O	O
长	O	O
笛	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
笛	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
求	O	O
索	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
誉	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
为	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
祥	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
塞	B	B
纳	M	M
河	E	E
孕	O	O
育	O	O
了	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
，	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
法	B	B
兰	M	M
西	E	E
。	O	O
每	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
倾	O	O
听	O	O
她	O	O
那	O	O
潺	O	O
潺	O	O
流	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
永	O	O
恒	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
私	O	O
的	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
枚	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
很	O	O
早	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
仅	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
枚	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
便	O	O
士	O	O
红	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
前	O	O
曾	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
两	O	O
枚	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
在	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
流	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
瑞	B	O
士	E	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
毛	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
以	O	O
高	O	O
价	O	O
购	O	O
回	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
便	O	O
士	O	O
蓝	O	O
票	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
皇	O	O
室	O	O
藏	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	B
国	O	M
博	O	M
物	O	M
馆	O	E
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
和	O	O
荷	B	B
兰	M	M
邮	M	M
政	M	M
博	M	M
物	M	M
馆	E	E
各	O	O
收	O	O
藏	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
枚	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
毛	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
财	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
红	O	O
票	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
购	O	O
回	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
枚	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
共	O	O
耗	O	O
资	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
枚	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
就	O	O
珍	O	O
藏	O	O
在	O	O
毛	O	B
里	O	M
求	O	M
斯	O	E
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
最	O	O
初	O	O
刻	O	O
印	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
仅	O	O
相	O	O
距	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
漫	O	O
长	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
游	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
旋	O	O
于	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
饱	O	O
尝	O	O
了	O	O
沧	O	O
桑	O	O
和	O	O
坎	O	O
坷	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
士	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
它	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
该	O	O
隐	O	O
藏	O	O
着	O	O
多	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
凡	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
途	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
浪	O	O
，	O	O
藏	O	O
匿	O	O
的	O	O
惊	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
绞	O	O
尽	O	O
脑	O	O
汁	O	O
的	O	O
算	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
刀	O	O
光	O	O
剑	O	O
影	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
斗	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
悠	O	O
悠	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
它	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
谜	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
童	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
耐	O	O
人	O	O
寻	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
便	O	O
士	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
毛	B	B
里	M	M
求	M	M
斯	E	E
隆	O	O
重	O	O
再	O	O
版	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
便	O	O
士	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
首	O	O
日	O	O
封	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
之	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
之	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
毛	O	O
岛	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
盛	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
邮	O	O
局	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
静	O	O
谧	O	O
而	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
毛	O	O
岛	O	O
着	O	O
实	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
：	O	O
讲	O	O
三	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
（	O	O
董	O	O
伟	O	O
）	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
：	O	O
甘	O	B
肃	O	M
省	O	E
古	O	B
浪	O	M
县	O	E
黑	O	O
松	O	O
驿	O	O
乡	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
（	O	O
李	O	O
战	O	O
吉	O	O
）	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
附	O	O
记	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
抓	O	O
斗	O	O
大	O	O
王	O	O
”	O	O
包	O	O
起	O	O
帆	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
半	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
比	O	O
搞	O	O
抓	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
累	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
把	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
压	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
肩	O	O
膀	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
干	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
七	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
货	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
廷	O	O
江	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
近	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
⑵	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
附	O	O
记	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
岁	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
山	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
临	B	B
沂	M	M
市	E	E
沈	B	B
泉	M	M
庄	E	E
传	O	O
来	O	O
喜	O	O
讯	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
廷	O	O
江	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
又	O	O
创	O	O
佳	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
沈	B	B
泉	M	M
庄	M	M
村	E	E
还	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
被	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
村	O	O
庄	O	O
。	O	O
田	O	O
沛	O	O
发	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
近	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
⑵	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
附	O	O
记	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
田	O	O
沛	O	O
发	O	O
被	O	O
确	O	O
诊	O	O
患	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
鼻	O	O
炎	O	O
低	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
化	O	O
鳞	O	O
状	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
癌	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
有	O	O
颈	O	O
淋	O	O
巴	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
。	O	O
田	O	O
沛	O	O
发	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
病	O	O
情	O	O
后	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
娃	O	O
娃	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
要	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
病	O	O
魔	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
地	O	O
活	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
：	O	O
好	O	O
军	O	O
嫂	O	O
韩	O	O
素	O	O
云	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
喜	O	O
是	O	O
圆	O	O
梦	O	O
之	O	O
喜	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
函	O	O
授	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
喜	O	O
是	O	O
乔	O	O
迁	O	O
之	O	O
喜	O	O
。	O	O
继	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
倪	O	O
效	O	O
武	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
调	O	O
到	O	O
南	O	B
宁	O	M
市	O	E
新	O	O
城	O	O
区	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
韩	O	O
素	O	O
云	O	O
也	O	O
由	O	O
凭	O	O
祥	O	O
市	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
调	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
南	O	B
宁	O	M
市	O	E
财	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
搬	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
居	O	O
室	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
打	O	O
阵	O	O
地	O	O
战	O	O
●	O	O
打	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
战	O	O
●	O	O
打	O	O
街	O	O
巷	O	O
战	O	O
●	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
商	O	O
战	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
阵	O	O
地	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
融	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
战	O	O
、	O	O
街	O	O
巷	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
战	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
为	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
颇	O	O
有	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
街	O	O
巷	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
郊	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
部	O	O
撒	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
钻	O	O
了	O	O
摆	O	O
阵	O	O
攻	O	O
垒	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
光	O	O
是	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
就	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
适	O	O
销	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
张	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
卡	O	O
（	O	O
持	O	O
卡	O	O
可	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
八	O	O
五	O	O
折	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
再	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
张	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
战	O	O
吉	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
兰	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
曾	O	O
申	O	O
明	O	O
“	O	O
凡	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
场	O	O
内	O	O
放	O	O
养	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
畜	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
不	O	O
予	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
检	O	O
疫	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
运	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
有	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
，	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
猪	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
却	O	O
愈	O	O
演	O	O
愈	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
知	O	O
情	O	O
者	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
兰	B	B
州	E	E
近	O	O
郊	O	O
４	O	O
区	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
场	O	O
场	O	O
有	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
羊	O	O
。	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
猪	O	O
肉	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
则	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
卖	O	O
给	O	O
酒	O	O
店	O	O
和	O	O
厂	O	O
矿	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
食	O	O
堂	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
商	O	O
贩	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
把	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
猪	O	O
贩	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
陕	B	B
西	E	E
、	O	O
青	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
。	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
哥	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
小	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
还	O	O
情	O	O
摆	B	B
勺	M	M
村	E	E
出	O	O
租	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
助	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
新	O	O
村	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
翻	O	O
看	O	O
《	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
鸽	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
二	O	O
期	O	O
上	O	O
网	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
》	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
鸽	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
月	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
率	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
宁	B	B
波	E	E
和	O	O
温	B	O
州	E	O
；	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
者	O	O
中	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
及	O	O
西	B	B
欧	E	E
，	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
为	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
最	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
各	O	O
大	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	M
市	M	E
津	M	B
利	M	M
华	M	M
展	M	M
览	M	M
中	M	M
心	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
‘	O	O
年	O	O
货	O	O
’	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
上	O	O
乘	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
买	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
也	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	M
市	E	E
进	O	O
入	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
没	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
太	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
畅	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
年	O	O
货	O	O
”	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
都	O	O
卖	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
商	O	O
家	O	O
憷	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
小	O	O
信	O	O
使	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
总	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
适	O	O
度	O	O
从	O	O
紧	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
米	O	O
袋	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
长	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
、	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
、	O	O
齐	O	O
抓	O	O
共	O	O
管	O	O
、	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
必	O	O
需	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
思	O	O
新	O	O
颖	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
专	O	O
论	O	O
摘	O	O
编	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
辑	O	O
录	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
备	O	O
忘	O	O
录	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
纪	O	O
实	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
记	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
配	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
幅	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
。	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
将	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
地	O	O
融	O	O
会	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
并	O	O
辅	O	O
之	O	O
以	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
实	O	O
录	O	O
、	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
等	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
地	O	O
烘	O	O
托	O	O
和	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
套	O	O
书	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
和	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
读	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
读	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
库	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
即	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
曾	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
两	O	O
度	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
”	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
湖	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
吉	O	O
首	O	O
军	O	O
分	O	O
区	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
员	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
用	O	O
血	O	O
与	O	O
汗	O	O
、	O	O
情	O	O
与	O	O
爱	O	O
凝	O	O
结	O	O
而	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
组	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
里	O	O
行	O	O
程	O	O
逾	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
硬	O	O
是	O	O
穿	O	O
烂	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
双	O	O
胶	O	O
鞋	O	O
，	O	O
戳	O	O
断	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
根	O	O
拐	O	O
杖	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
数	O	O
九	O	O
寒	O	O
冬	O	O
，	O	O
凛	O	O
冽	O	O
的	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
裹	O	O
着	O	O
雪	O	O
花	O	O
扑	O	O
面	O	O
袭	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
山	O	O
老	O	O
林	O	O
中	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
跋	O	O
涉	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
翻	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
座	O	O
大	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
半	O	O
山	O	O
腰	O	O
间	O	O
挂	O	O
着	O	O
个	O	O
草	O	O
棚	O	O
。	O	O
爬	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
似	O	O
被	O	O
一	O	O
双	O	O
大	O	O
手	O	O
揪	O	O
扯	O	O
得	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
作	O	O
痛	O	O
：	O	O
草	O	O
棚	O	O
四	O	O
壁	O	O
透	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
蜷	O	O
缩	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
角	O	O
，	O	O
架	O	O
在	O	O
三	O	O
块	O	O
石	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
破	O	O
锅	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
残	O	O
剩	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	O
瓜	O	O
糊	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
冰	O	O
块	O	O
。	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
眼	O	O
圈	O	O
红	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
急	O	O
忙	O	O
解	O	O
开	O	O
上	O	O
衣	O	O
的	O	O
扣	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
体	O	O
温	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
用	O	O
棉	O	O
袄	O	O
裹	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
双	O	O
唇	O	O
颤	O	O
抖	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
躬	O	O
起	O	O
身	O	O
子	O	O
要	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
磕	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
扶	O	O
起	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
地	O	O
对	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
下	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
房	O	O
户	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
暖	O	O
暖	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
窝	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
山	O	O
高	O	O
坡	O	O
陡	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
寒	O	O
地	O	O
冻	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
山	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
天	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
顶	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
晨	O	O
露	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
当	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
当	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
餐	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
碗	O	O
苞	O	O
谷	O	O
饭	O	O
和	O	O
几	O	O
支	O	O
辣	O	O
椒	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
中	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
班	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
上	O	O
房	O	O
梁	O	O
，	O	O
患	O	O
有	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
痔	O	O
疮	O	O
的	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
蹲	O	O
下	O	O
拉	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
摊	O	O
血	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
村	O	O
长	O	O
见	O	O
状	O	O
急	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
快	O	O
步	O	O
跑	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
刀	O	O
将	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
羊	O	O
宰	O	O
了	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
仗	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
位	O	O
清	O	O
朝	O	O
命	O	O
官	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
保	B	B
靖	M	M
县	E	E
阳	B	B
朝	M	M
乡	E	E
梭	B	B
落	M	M
坪	M	M
村	E	E
打	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
水	O	O
那	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
沸	O	O
腾	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
开	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
孙	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
九	O	O
旬	O	O
高	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
永	O	O
兴	O	O
颤	O	O
巍	O	O
巍	O	O
地	O	O
舀	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
碗	O	O
清	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
敬	O	O
给	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
对	O	O
天	O	O
呼	O	O
喊	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
呀	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
没	O	O
干	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
帮	O	O
咱	O	O
干	O	O
成	O	O
啦	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
栏	O	O
卖	O	O
些	O	O
钱	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
不	O	O
解	O	O
地	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
猪	O	O
养	O	O
得	O	O
越	O	O
肥	O	O
脸	O	O
越	O	O
有	O	O
光	O	O
哩	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
苦	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
答	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
与	O	O
河	B	B
西	E	E
“	O	O
脱	O	O
钩	O	O
”	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
镇	O	O
已	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
百	O	O
业	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
镇	O	O
办	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
耀	O	O
眼	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
珠	O	O
。	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
把	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
最	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
华	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
的	O	O
山	O	O
山	O	O
水	O	O
水	O	O
印	O	O
记	O	O
着	O	O
他	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
足	O	O
迹	O	O
。	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
建	O	O
校	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
群	O	O
策	O	O
群	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
源	O	O
节	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
筹	O	O
划	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
所	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
苦	O	O
战	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
改	O	O
建	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
山	O	O
娃	O	O
娃	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
殿	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
呕	O	O
心	O	O
沥	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
”	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
州	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
六	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
弯	O	O
弯	O	O
山	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
根	O	O
火	O	O
把	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
；	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
呈	O	O
燎	O	O
原	O	O
之	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
星	O	O
星	O	O
之	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
更	O	O
为	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
奔	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
每	O	O
隔	O	O
两	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
龙	O	O
家	O	O
三	O	O
兄	O	O
妹	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
和	O	O
县	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
商	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
抚	O	O
养	O	O
费	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
部	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
老	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
老	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
抚	O	O
养	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
根	O	O
火	O	O
柴	O	O
，	O	O
划	O	O
着	O	O
了	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
燃	O	O
烧	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
用	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
诺	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
一	O	O
个	O	O
土	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
家	O	O
境	O	O
贫	O	O
寒	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
淳	O	O
朴	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
名	O	O
叫	O	O
沈	O	O
月	O	O
端	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
身	O	O
哑	O	O
巴	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
走	O	O
路	O	O
一	O	O
瘸	O	O
一	O	O
拐	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
上	O	O
前	O	O
打	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
势	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
啦	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
指	O	O
了	O	O
指	O	O
脚	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
蹲	O	O
下	O	O
身	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
搬	O	O
起	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
脚	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
左	O	O
脚	O	O
大	O	O
脚	O	O
趾	O	O
患	O	O
了	O	O
甲	O	O
勾	O	O
炎	O	O
，	O	O
袜	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
沾	O	O
了	O	O
些	O	O
血	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
领	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
烧	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
盆	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
暖	O	O
了	O	O
脚	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
脓	O	O
血	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
点	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
小	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
用	O	O
小	O	O
刀	O	O
将	O	O
趾	O	O
甲	O	O
刮	O	O
得	O	O
薄	O	O
薄	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
了	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
。	O	O
哑	O	O
巴	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
床	O	O
沿	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
泪	O	O
水	O	O
止	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
地	O	O
往	O	O
下	O	O
淌	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
滴	O	O
一	O	O
滴	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
臂	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
员	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
县	O	O
乡	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
包	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
包	O	O
户	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
衣	O	O
食	O	O
住	O	O
医	O	O
无	O	O
虞	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
张	B	B
北	M	M
县	E	E
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
县	O	O
直	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
包	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
约	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
点	O	O
汇	O	O
总	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
总	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
创	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
净	O	O
增	O	O
约	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
考	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
的	O	O
占	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
占	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
舸	O	O
摄	O	O
自	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
―	O	O
尚	B	B
义	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
数	O	O
码	O	O
传	O	O
真	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
南	B	B
昌	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
江	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
舒	O	O
惠	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
卢	O	O
秀	O	O
珍	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
癸	O	O
尊	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
名	O	O
鑫	O	O
、	O	O
华	O	O
桐	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
梓	O	O
弘	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
述	O	O
荣	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
文	O	O
甫	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
舒	O	O
圣	O	O
佑	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
黄	O	O
智	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
懋	O	O
衡	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
英	O	O
培	O	O
、	O	O
蒋	O	O
仲	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
长	O	O
清	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
李	O	O
修	O	O
源	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
昆	B	B
明	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
屈	O	O
明	O	O
光	O	O
）	O	O
云	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
尹	O	O
俊	O	O
（	O	O
白	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
宝	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
邱	O	O
创	O	O
教	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
洪	O	O
忠	O	O
（	O	O
佤	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
邦	O	O
正	O	O
（	O	O
彝	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
戴	O	O
光	O	O
禄	O	O
（	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
光	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
义	O	O
明	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
晓	O	O
宇	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
李	O	O
嘉	O	O
廷	O	O
（	O	O
彝	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
牛	O	O
绍	O	O
尧	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
公	O	O
卿	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
京	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
炳	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
汉	O	O
柏	O	O
（	O	O
白	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
映	O	O
萱	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
孙	O	O
小	O	O
虹	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
有	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
其	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
通	O	O
畅	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
补	O	O
助	O	O
等	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
好	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
其	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
开	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
门	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
编	O	O
织	O	O
好	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
网	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
税	O	O
利	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
专	O	O
卖	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
抓	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
要	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
要	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
治	O	O
“	O	O
散	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
差	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
更	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冯	O	O
奎	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
来	O	O
串	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
陈	O	O
振	O	O
旭	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
堂	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
才	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
出	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
那	O	O
就	O	O
订	O	O
份	O	O
讲	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
呗	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
插	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
刚	O	O
才	O	O
还	O	O
嚷	O	O
嚷	O	O
要	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
订	O	O
份	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
陈	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
叹	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
看	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
里	O	O
演	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
富	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
咱	O	O
不	O	O
眼	O	O
红	O	O
？	O	O
！	O	O
可	O	O
想	O	O
试	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
啊	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
陈	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
菜	O	O
刚	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
件	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
财	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
菜	O	O
卖	O	O
得	O	O
比	O	O
夏	O	O
天	O	O
还	O	O
便	O	O
宜	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
箱	O	O
子	O	O
生	O	O
菜	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
卖	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
啥	O	O
？	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
新	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
百	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
一	O	O
哄	O	O
而	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
往	O	O
哪	O	O
儿	O	O
卖	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
赔	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
上	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
种	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
给	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
交	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
要	O	O
种	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
菜	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
了	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
车	O	O
桥	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
江	O	O
机	O	O
床	O	O
厂	O	O
和	O	O
荆	O	O
州	O	O
轻	O	O
桥	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
后	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
滞	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
床	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
瓶	O	O
车	O	O
等	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
产	O	O
极	O	O
具	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
桥	O	O
总	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
型	O	O
主	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
动	O	O
螺	O	O
旋	O	O
锥	O	O
齿	O	O
轮	O	O
等	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
抢	O	O
占	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
对	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
输	O	O
入	O	O
车	O	O
桥	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
厂	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
物	O	O
料	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
用	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
结	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
厂	O	O
间	O	O
供	O	O
货	O	O
按	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
可	O	O
在	O	O
厂	O	O
内	O	O
、	O	O
厂	O	O
外	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
供	O	O
货	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
逼	O	O
”	O	O
着	O	O
各	O	O
分	O	O
厂	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
举	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
厂	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
车	O	O
桥	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
税	O	O
利	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
一	O	O
倍	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
前	O	O
茅	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	O	O
世	O	O
杰	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
最	O	O
晚	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
龙	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
从	O	O
大	O	O
基	O	O
建	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
向	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
以	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
向	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
外	O	O
援	O	O
向	O	O
自	O	O
力	O	O
更	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
挖	O	O
潜	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
派	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
施	O	O
明	O	O
慎	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
由	O	O
民	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
时	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
钢	O	O
材	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
低	O	O
迷	O	O
，	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
钢	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
对	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
大	O	O
刀	O	O
阔	O	O
斧	O	O
地	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
在	O	O
哈	O	O
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
－	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
－	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
－	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
０	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
－	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
－	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
１	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
吉	B	B
林	E	E
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
黑	B	B
龙	M	M
江	E	E
２	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
２	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
（	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
局	O	O
）	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
－	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
－	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
大	B	B
连	E	E
０	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
－	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
贵	B	B
阳	E	E
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
乌	B	B
鲁	M	M
木	M	M
齐	E	E
１	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
西	B	B
安	E	E
１	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
－	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
－	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
２	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
西	B	B
宁	E	E
３	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
吴	O	O
仁	O	O
宝	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
（	O	O
徐	O	O
勤	O	O
王	O	O
荣	O	O
志	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
所	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
ｖ	O	O
ｅ	O	O
ｒ	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
Ｒ	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
室	O	O
的	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
费	O	O
伟	O	O
伟	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
一	O	O
局	O	O
三	O	O
处	O	O
承	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
大	O	O
秦	O	O
线	O	O
秦	B	O
皇	M	O
岛	E	O
西	O	O
疏	O	O
解	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
联	O	O
线	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
交	O	O
付	O	O
运	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
谋	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
打	O	O
着	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
旗	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
狐	O	O
假	O	O
虎	O	O
威	O	O
，	O	O
谋	O	O
取	O	O
私	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
树	O	O
文	O	O
原	O	O
是	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
日	O	O
照	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
徐	O	O
峰	O	O
丽	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
徐	O	O
峰	O	O
丽	O	O
原	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
局	O	O
当	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
科	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
文	O	O
体	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
“	O	O
变	O	O
副	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
让	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
录	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
出	O	O
风	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
竟	O	O
低	O	O
职	O	O
高	O	O
挂	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
市	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
挂	O	O
任	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
正	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
配	O	O
偶	O	O
、	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
和	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
打	O	O
着	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
旗	O	O
号	O	O
胡	O	O
作	O	O
非	O	O
为	O	O
？	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
新	B	B
疆	M	M
维	M	M
吾	M	M
尔	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
直	O	O
属	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
名	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
到	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
国	O	O
有	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
乌	O	B
鲁	O	M
木	O	M
齐	O	E
纺	O	O
织	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
有	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
曾	O	O
为	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
沈	O	O
双	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
四	O	O
口	O	O
月	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
仅	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
正	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
找	O	O
活	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
供	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
跟	O	O
党	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
用	O	O
之	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
使	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
震	O	O
撼	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
深	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
触	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
常	O	O
坐	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
也	O	O
曾	O	O
‘	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
’	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
和	O	O
好	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
走	O	O
一	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
离	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
远	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
瑞	O	O
丽	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
共	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
卖	O	O
淫	O	O
嫖	O	O
娼	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
６	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
岳	O	O
世	O	O
华	O	O
尚	O	O
正	O	O
海	O	O
阿	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
报	O	O
载	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
安	O	B
徽	O	E
铜	O	O
陵	O	O
有	O	O
色	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
冶	O	O
炼	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
在	O	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
没	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
便	O	O
说	O	O
两	O	O
句	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
或	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
会	O	O
调	O	O
离	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
闻	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
拍	O	O
案	O	O
叫	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
者	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
大	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
空	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
；	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
，	O	O
腾	O	O
出	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
干	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
；	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
用	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
四	O	O
五	O	O
八	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
红	O	O
包	O	O
”	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
患	O	O
先	O	O
天	O	O
性	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
陈	O	O
小	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
小	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
接	O	O
过	O	O
“	O	O
红	O	O
包	O	O
”	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
泪	O	O
满	O	O
眶	O	O
，	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
乡	O	O
音	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
恩	O	O
大	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
伢	O	O
仔	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
是	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
救	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
要	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
医	O	O
术	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
在	O	O
琼	O	O
山	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
警	O	O
容	O	O
风	O	O
纪	O	O
端	O	O
正	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
着	O	O
装	O	O
挂	O	O
牌	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
日	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
都	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
制	O	O
：	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
户	O	O
口	O	O
和	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
齐	O	O
全	O	O
随	O	O
到	O	O
随	O	O
办	O	O
；	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
赴	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
快	O	O
审	O	O
快	O	O
报	O	O
；	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
入	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
７	O	O
天	O	O
领	O	O
照	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
矿	O	O
泉	O	O
水	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
烈	O	O
军	O	O
属	O	O
赵	O	O
路	O	O
氏	O	O
有	O	O
七	O	O
位	O	O
好	O	O
“	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
是	O	O
辽	O	B
宁	O	M
省	O	E
沈	O	B
阳	O	M
市	O	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
区	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
和	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
当	O	O
成	O	O
亲	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
侍	O	O
奉	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
省	O	O
镇	O	O
江	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
管	O	O
党	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
治	O	O
党	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
局	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
争	O	O
创	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
局	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
管	O	O
党	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
湖	O	B
北	O	E
当	O	O
阳	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
『	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
』	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
、	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
组	O	O
或	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
写	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
提	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
当	B	O
阳	E	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
宜	O	O
昌	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
本	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
共	O	O
献	O	O
良	O	O
策	O	O
四	O	O
百	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
八	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
李	O	O
栋	O	O
善	O	O
袁	O	O
斌	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
至	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
西	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
零	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	B
昌	E	E
查	O	O
验	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
品	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
查	O	O
获	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
李	O	O
某	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
的	O	O
黄	O	O
色	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
陈	O	O
某	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
的	O	O
黄	O	O
色	O	O
光	O	O
盘	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
交	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
关	O	O
长	O	O
宇	O	O
）	O	O
马	O	O
俊	O	O
峰	O	O
向	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
歉	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
；	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
歉	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
头	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
别	O	O
把	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
想	O	O
得	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
冒	O	O
犯	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
存	O	O
心	O	O
欺	O	O
负	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
道	O	O
歉	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
瞧	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
我	O	O
；	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
做	O	O
人	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
准	O	O
则	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
谅	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
点	O	O
常	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
『	O	O
从	O	O
娃	O	O
娃	O	O
抓	O	O
起	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
就	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
缺	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
课	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
怕	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
补	O	O
上	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
课	O	O
。	O	O
果	O	O
能	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
人	O	O
际	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
脏	O	O
』	O	O
『	O	O
乱	O	O
』	O	O
『	O	O
差	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
按	O	O
：	O	O
王	O	O
佑	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
》	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
很	O	O
中	O	O
肯	O	O
、	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
见	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
刊	O	O
发	O	O
这	O	O
封	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
意	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
与	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
多	O	O
多	O	O
赐	O	O
稿	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
把	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
》	O	O
办	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
时	O	O
效	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
看	O	O
一	O	O
眼	O	O
就	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
却	O	O
被	O	O
广	O	O
为	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
被	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
班	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
被	O	O
写	O	O
进	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
被	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
是	O	O
潜	O	O
移	O	O
默	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
估	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
多	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
反	O	O
馈	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
征	O	O
求	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
在	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
会	O	O
把	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
办	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
蒋	O	O
铎	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
秦	B	B
山	E	E
二	O	O
期	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
化	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
台	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
号	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
堆	O	O
厂	O	O
房	O	O
钢	O	O
衬	O	O
里	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
米	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
台	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
到	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
入	O	O
冬	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
。	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
西	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
东	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
黑	B	B
龙	M	M
江	E	E
、	O	O
吉	B	B
林	E	E
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雪	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
晴	O	O
到	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
将	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
；	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
到	O	O
阴	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
西	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
北	O	O
部	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
（	O	O
雪	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
时	O	O
速	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
不	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
提	O	O
速	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
时	O	O
速	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
货	O	O
物	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
时	O	O
速	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
。	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
署	O	O
署	O	O
长	O	O
鲍	O	O
绍	O	O
雄	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
环	O	O
添	B	O
马	M	O
舰	E	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
新	B	O
东	M	B
安	M	M
市	M	M
场	E	E
开	O	O
业	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
黎	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
黄	O	O
石	O	O
市	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
元	O	O
神	O	O
祭	O	O
》	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
国	M	M
安	M	M
剧	M	M
场	E	E
首	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
远	O	O
古	O	O
神	O	O
话	O	O
传	O	O
说	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
“	O	O
盘	O	O
古	O	O
篇	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
女	O	O
娲	O	O
篇	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
炎	O	O
帝	O	O
篇	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
黄	O	O
帝	O	O
篇	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
尾	O	O
声	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
融	O	O
合	O	O
上	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
芭	O	O
蕾	O	O
舞	O	O
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
古	O	O
典	O	O
舞	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
耳	O	O
目	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
台	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
春	O	O
光	O	O
谱	O	O
》	O	O
为	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
《	O	O
百	O	O
虎	O	O
贺	O	O
春	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
瑞	O	O
雪	O	O
丰	O	O
年	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
恋	O	O
春	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
情	O	O
思	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
庆	O	O
春	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
祥	O	O
云	O	O
异	O	O
彩	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
竞	O	O
春	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
百	O	O
花	O	O
争	O	O
艳	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
咏	O	O
春	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
化	O	O
雨	O	O
》	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
尾	O	O
声	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
霞	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
同	O	O
台	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
把	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
应	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
于	O	O
昨	O	O
晚	O	O
乘	O	O
专	O	O
机	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
３	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
同	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
和	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
第	O	O
五	O	O
位	O	O
在	O	O
职	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
访	O	O
美	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
河	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
桐	B	B
柏	M	M
县	E	E
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
曾	O	O
因	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
《	O	O
桐	B	B
柏	E	E
英	O	O
雄	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
《	O	O
小	O	O
花	O	O
》	O	O
而	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
处	O	O
鄂	O	O
豫	O	O
边	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
桐	B	B
柏	M	M
山	E	E
腹	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
县	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
到	O	O
山	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
到	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
去	O	O
走	O	O
一	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
。	O	O
桐	B	B
柏	M	M
县	E	E
还	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
茶	O	O
叶	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
大	O	O
枣	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
林	O	O
木	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
香	O	O
菇	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
用	O	O
菌	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
从	O	O
断	O	O
木	O	O
香	O	O
菇	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
袋	O	O
料	O	O
香	O	O
菇	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
袋	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
成	B	B
都	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
任	O	O
硌	O	O
）	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
四	O	B
川	O	M
省	O	E
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
聂	O	O
荣	O	O
贵	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
孙	O	O
同	O	O
川	O	O
、	O	O
郝	O	O
振	O	O
贤	O	O
、	O	O
史	O	O
志	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
平	O	O
江	O	O
、	O	O
章	O	O
玉	O	O
钧	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
官	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
光	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
正	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
称	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
昌	O	O
智	O	O
、	O	O
苟	O	O
建	O	O
丽	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
运	O	O
张	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
唐	O	O
卫	O	O
彬	O	O
）	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
湖	O	B
北	O	M
省	O	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
钱	O	O
运	O	O
录	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
丁	O	O
凤	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
重	O	O
农	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
南	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
蒙	O	O
美	O	O
路	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
运	O	O
铁	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
斌	O	O
庆	O	O
、	O	O
陶	O	O
醒	O	O
世	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
述	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
谷	O	O
欣	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
楚	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
荣	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
厅	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
更	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
（	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
上	O	O
星	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
（	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
传	O	O
送	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
星	O	O
网	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
传	O	O
输	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
能	O	O
听	O	O
到	O	O
和	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
套	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
仍	O	O
听	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
、	O	O
听	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
、	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
广	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
就	O	O
此	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
到	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
消	O	O
灭	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
听	O	O
收	O	O
看	O	O
盲	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
村	O	O
村	O	O
通	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
朱	O	O
开	O	O
轩	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
陈	O	O
至	O	O
立	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
对	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
、	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	M
特	M	M
区	E	E
行	O	O
政	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
董	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
及	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
一	O	O
向	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
深	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
会	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
翻	O	O
版	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
常	O	O
青	O	O
树	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
记	O	O
福	O	O
建	O	O
莆	O	O
田	O	O
县	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
俞	O	O
福	O	O
柏	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
出	O	O
门	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
在	O	O
江	B	B
口	E	E
路	O	O
段	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
车	O	O
祸	O	O
，	O	O
左	O	O
手	O	O
轧	O	O
烂	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
按	O	O
俞	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
立	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
急	O	O
诊	O	O
首	O	O
诊	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
一	O	O
无	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
、	O	O
二	O	O
无	O	O
入	O	O
院	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
接	O	O
进	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
截	O	O
肢	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
术	O	O
后	O	O
心	O	O
灰	O	O
意	O	O
冷	O	O
，	O	O
痛	O	O
不	O	O
欲	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
俞	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
亲	O	O
临	O	O
病	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
保	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
柯	O	O
察	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
张	O	O
海	O	O
迪	O	O
身	O	O
残	O	O
志	O	O
不	O	O
残	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
他	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
捐	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
其	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
界	O	O
收	O	O
“	O	O
红	O	O
包	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
俞	O	O
福	O	O
柏	O	O
行	O	O
医	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
未	O	O
收	O	O
受	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
钱	O	O
财	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
谢	O	O
绝	O	O
红	O	O
包	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
收	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
蔚	O	O
然	O	O
成	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
人	O	O
红	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
生	O	O
成	O	O
素	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
颖	O	O
的	O	O
万	O	O
博	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
水	O	O
族	O	O
箱	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
西	B	O
交	M	O
民	M	O
巷	E	O
的	O	O
万	O	O
博	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
同	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
与	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
漂	O	O
亮	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
缸	O	O
里	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
水	O	O
中	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
水	O	O
族	O	O
箱	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
水	O	O
草	O	O
、	O	O
礁	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
鱼	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
地	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
湖	O	O
泊	O	O
、	O	O
河	O	O
流	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
万	O	O
博	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
族	O	O
箱	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
缸	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
细	O	O
菌	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
细	O	O
菌	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
水	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
氮	O	O
元	O	O
素	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
可	O	O
美	O	O
化	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
可	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
湿	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
清	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
向	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
同	O	O
仁	O	O
堂	O	O
、	O	O
谦	O	O
祥	O	O
益	O	O
、	O	O
瑞	O	O
蚨	O	O
祥	O	O
、	O	O
内	O	O
联	O	O
升	O	O
等	O	O
老	O	O
字	O	O
号	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
了	O	O
京	O	O
味	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
《	O	O
正	B	O
阳	E	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
四	O	O
卷	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
《	O	O
鬼	O	O
亲	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
活	O	O
祭	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
老	O	O
铺	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
药	O	O
王	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
正	B	O
阳	E	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
多	O	O
卷	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
掘	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
老	O	O
字	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
精	O	O
髓	O	O
。	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
描	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
乐	O	O
达	O	O
堂	O	O
”	O	O
也	O	O
蕴	O	O
含	O	O
着	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
同	O	O
仁	O	O
堂	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
以	O	O
独	O	O
具	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
文	O	O
人	O	O
画	O	O
而	O	O
备	O	O
受	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
中	O	O
年	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
霍	O	O
春	O	O
阳	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
集	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
、	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
美	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
文	O	O
联	O	O
、	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
美	O	O
协	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
画	O	O
集	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
首	O	O
发	O	O
式	O	O
及	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
核	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
原	O	O
铀	O	O
浓	O	O
缩	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
核	O	O
总	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
景	B	B
德	M	M
镇	E	E
近	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
“	O	O
陶	O	O
瓷	O	O
之	O	O
最	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
瓷	O	O
碗	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
钧	O	O
红	O	O
景	B	O
德	E	O
大	O	O
碗	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
径	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
章	O	O
武	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
首	O	O
套	O	O
光	O	O
纤	O	O
波	O	O
分	O	O
复	O	O
用	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
正	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
据	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
光	O	O
纤	O	O
电	O	O
缆	O	O
传	O	O
输	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
七	O	O
纵	O	O
八	O	O
横	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
纤	O	O
电	O	O
缆	O	O
，	O	O
遍	O	O
及	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
光	O	O
纤	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
室	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
和	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
出	O	O
这	O	O
套	O	O
新	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
芯	O	O
光	O	O
纤	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
能	O	O
容	O	O
纳	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
千	O	O
兆	O	O
比	O	O
特	O	O
／	O	O
秒	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
传	O	O
送	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
路	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
贾	O	O
西	O	O
平	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
按	O	O
电	O	O
池	O	O
充	O	O
放	O	O
电	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
曲	O	O
线	O	O
分	O	O
选	O	O
电	O	O
池	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
电	O	O
池	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
电	O	O
池	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
待	O	O
机	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
比	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
―	O	O
４	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
电	O	O
次	O	O
数	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
一	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O
邢	B	B
台	E	E
读	O	O
书	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
屏	O	O
幕	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
署	O	O
署	O	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
友	O	O
先	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
：	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
要	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
；	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
为	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
性	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
；	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
；	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
集	O	O
约	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
条	O	O
块	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
、	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
；	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
要	O	O
稳	O	O
中	O	O
求	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
为	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
置	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
坐	O	O
标	O	O
中	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
跟	O	O
上	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
德	B	B
黑	M	M
兰	E	E
电	O	O
台	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
萨	O	O
哈	O	O
夫	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
德	B	B
黑	M	M
兰	E	E
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
萨	O	O
哈	O	O
夫	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
任	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	B
拉	O	M
克	O	E
驻	O	O
约	O	B
旦	O	E
使	O	O
馆	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
参	O	O
赞	O	O
塔	O	O
希	O	O
尔	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
也	O	O
曾	O	O
遭	O	O
无	O	O
名	O	O
枪	O	O
手	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O
宪	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
承	O	O
诺	O	O
对	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
土	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
道	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
还	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
时	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
宪	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
爱	B	B
沙	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
拉	B	B
脱	M	M
维	M	M
亚	E	E
和	O	O
立	B	B
陶	M	M
宛	E	E
的	O	O
四	O	O
方	O	O
“	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
副	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
塔	O	O
尔	O	O
博	O	O
特	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
务	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
还	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
与	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
宪	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
谈	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
宪	O	O
章	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
在	O	O
可	O	O
预	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
权	O	O
衡	O	O
利	O	O
弊	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
妥	O	O
协	O	O
性	O	O
产	O	O
物	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
已	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
东	O	O
扩	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
是	O	O
波	B	B
兰	E	E
、	O	O
匈	B	B
牙	M	M
利	E	E
和	O	O
捷	B	B
克	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
批	O	O
东	O	O
扩	O	O
要	O	O
等	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
是	O	O
罗	B	B
马	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
和	O	O
斯	B	B
洛	M	M
文	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
。	O	O
而	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
在	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
和	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
内	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
提	O	O
上	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
等	O	O
到	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
想	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
巴	B	B
基	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
南	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
间	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
巴	B	B
基	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
谢	O	O
里	O	O
夫	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
南	O	B
亚	O	E
区	O	O
域	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
那	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
。	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
古	O	O
杰	O	O
拉	O	O
尔	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
印	O	O
、	O	O
巴	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
班	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
和	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
孟	B	B
加	M	M
拉	M	M
国	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
谢	O	O
赫	O	O
・	O	O
哈	O	O
西	O	O
娜	O	O
提	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
和	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
应	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
晤	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
瓶	O	O
颈	O	O
”	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
由	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
洲	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
马	B	B
尼	M	M
拉	E	E
是	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
站	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
将	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
党	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
埃	O	O
尔	O	O
巴	O	O
坎	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
５	O	O
名	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
党	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
土	B	B
耳	M	M
其	E	E
政	O	O
党	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
埃	O	O
尔	O	O
巴	O	O
坎	O	O
和	O	O
该	O	O
党	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
被	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
郭	O	O
京	O	O
花	O	O
）	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
里	O	O
夏	O	O
尔	O	O
和	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
谢	O	O
尔	O	O
盖	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
布	B	B
拉	M	M
格	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
鲁	O	O
惠	O	O
民	O	O
）	O	O
捷	B	O
克	E	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
内	O	O
科	O	O
瓦	O	O
西	O	O
尔	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
捷	B	B
克	E	E
、	O	O
波	B	B
兰	E	E
和	O	O
匈	B	B
牙	M	M
利	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
临	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
诚	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
海	O	O
湾	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
征	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
病	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
医	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
不	O	O
休	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
退	O	O
伍	O	O
老	O	O
兵	O	O
们	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
士	O	O
兵	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
士	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
防	O	O
御	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
而	O	O
服	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
鸡	O	O
尾	O	O
酒	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
混	O	O
合	O	O
疫	O	O
苗	O	O
药	O	O
剂	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
“	O	O
海	O	O
湾	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
征	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
宪	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
国	O	O
还	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
“	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
美	O	O
波	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
示	O	O
威	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
贝	B	B
尔	M	M
格	M	M
莱	M	M
德	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
成	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
波	O	O
黑	O	O
塞	O	O
族	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
以	O	O
微	O	O
弱	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
多	O	O
迪	O	O
克	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
并	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
他	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
据	O	O
罗	O	O
新	O	O
社	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
也	O	O
因	O	O
罗	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
朗	O	O
而	O	O
裹	O	O
足	O	O
不	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
季	O	O
曼	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
和	O	O
东	B	B
斯	M	M
拉	M	M
沃	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
顺	O	O
利	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
府	O	O
向	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
功	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
奖	O	O
章	O	O
时	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
洛	B	B
美	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
孙	O	O
星	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
乔	O	O
颖	O	O
）	O	O
科	B	O
托	M	O
努	E	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
性	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
贝	O	O
宁	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
科	B	O
托	M	O
努	E	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
作	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
媒	O	O
介	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
和	O	O
曝	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
达	B	O
荷	M	O
美	M	O
共	M	O
和	M	O
国	E	O
。	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
至	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
政	O	O
局	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
更	O	O
迭	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
库	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
政	O	O
局	O	O
渐	O	O
趋	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
改	O	O
国	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
”	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
宝	O	O
华	O	O
）	O	O
希	B	B
腊	E	E
副	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
帕	O	O
潘	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
欧	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
希	B	B
腊	E	E
反	O	O
对	O	O
科	B	O
索	M	O
沃	E	O
从	O	O
南	B	B
斯	M	M
拉	M	M
夫	M	E
联	M	O
盟	M	O
共	M	O
和	M	O
国	E	O
中	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
南	B	B
斯	M	M
拉	M	M
夫	M	M
联	M	M
盟	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
的	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
雅	B	B
典	E	E
愿	O	O
意	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
有	O	O
南	O	B
斯	O	M
拉	O	M
夫	O	M
联	O	M
盟	O	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
米	O	O
洛	O	O
舍	O	O
维	O	O
奇	O	O
、	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
巴	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
纳	O	O
诺	O	O
及	O	O
科	B	O
索	M	O
沃	M	O
省	E	O
阿	O	B
尔	O	M
巴	O	M
尼	O	M
亚	O	E
族	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
鲁	O	O
戈	O	O
瓦	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
科	B	O
索	M	O
沃	E	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
艘	O	O
悬	O	O
挂	O	O
圣	B	O
文	M	O
森	M	O
特	M	O
和	M	O
格	M	O
林	M	O
纳	M	O
丁	M	O
斯	M	O
旗	E	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
级	O	O
货	O	O
轮	O	O
因	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
风	O	O
浪	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	M	M
湾	E	E
韦	B	O
拉	M	O
克	M	O
鲁	M	O
斯	E	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
面	O	O
沉	O	O
没	O	O
，	O	O
船	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
海	O	O
员	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
七	O	O
人	O	O
获	O	O
救	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
专	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
继	O	O
续	O	O
奉	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
和	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
参	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
将	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
与	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
承	O	O
诺	O	O
按	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
使	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
都	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
继	O	O
续	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
毛	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O
简	O	O
言	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
不	O	O
佳	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
连	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
坏	O	O
账	O	O
累	O	O
累	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
到	O	O
期	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
告	O	O
罄	O	O
，	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
撑	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
要	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
越	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
硬	O	O
凑	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
个	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
孰	O	O
重	O	O
孰	O	O
轻	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
掂	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
举	O	O
债	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
线	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
放	O	O
松	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
把	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
马	O	O
哈	O	O
蒂	O	O
尔	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
与	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
加	O	O
强	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
雅	B	B
加	M	M
达	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
洪	O	O
秉	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
马	O	O
哈	O	O
蒂	O	O
尔	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
和	O	O
印	B	B
度	M	M
尼	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
应	O	O
当	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
被	O	O
问	O	O
及	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
就	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
克	O	O
服	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
哈	O	O
蒂	O	O
尔	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
和	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
应	O	O
当	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
时	O	O
不	O	O
以	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
或	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
外	O	O
币	O	O
结	O	O
算	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
韩	O	O
晓	O	O
华	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
斯	B	B
德	M	M
哥	M	M
尔	M	M
摩	E	E
：	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
斯	B	B
德	M	M
哥	M	M
尔	M	M
摩	M	M
市	E	E
有	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
座	O	O
北	B	O
欧	E	O
名	O	O
城	O	O
。	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
它	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
各	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
场	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
、	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
和	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
映	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
新	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
多	O	O
场	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
、	O	O
手	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
项	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
将	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
和	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
从	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
废	O	O
墟	O	O
上	O	O
复	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
跨	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
有	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
日	B	O
本	E	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
商	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
通	O	O
产	O	O
省	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
过	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
官	O	O
厅	O	O
学	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
要	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
“	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
通	O	O
产	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
由	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
把	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
，	O	O
则	O	O
笼	O	O
统	O	O
地	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
用	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
（	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
）	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
把	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
。	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
培	O	O
植	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
扶	O	O
植	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
菜	O	O
花	O	O
西	O	O
红	O	O
柿	O	O
橙	O	O
子	O	O
可	O	O
抗	O	O
癌	O	O
食	O	O
用	O	O
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
油	O	O
防	O	O
乳	O	O
腺	O	O
癌	O	O
南	B	O
美	E	O
树	O	O
蛙	O	O
皮	O	O
能	O	O
制	O	O
镇	O	O
痛	O	O
剂	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
病	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
落	O	O
幕	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
位	O	O
居	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
西	O	O
班	O	O
牙	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
意	O	O
大	O	O
利	O	O
队	O	O
分	O	O
获	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
水	O	O
球	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	O	O
立	O	O
群	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
跳	O	O
水	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
曾	O	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
走	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
表	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
倒	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
在	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
更	O	O
胜	O	O
一	O	O
筹	O	O
。	O	O
萨	O	O
乌	O	O
丁	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
系	O	O
数	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
田	O	O
亮	O	O
高	O	O
出	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
孙	O	O
淑	O	O
伟	O	O
的	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
汉	O	O
佩	O	O
尔	O	O
因	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
而	O	O
胜	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
摘	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
铜	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
袁	O	O
伟	O	O
民	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
轻	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
轻	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
有	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
衡	O	O
量	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
好	O	O
坏	O	O
的	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
唯	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
论	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
“	O	O
升	O	O
值	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
票	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
车	O	O
子	O	O
接	O	O
踵	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
与	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
荣	O	O
辱	O	O
升	O	O
降	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
地	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
取	O	O
向	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
偏	O	O
离	O	O
了	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
歧	O	O
途	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
增	O	O
选	O	O
吴	O	O
寿	O	O
章	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
奥	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
奥	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
等	O	O
事	O	O
项	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
十	O	O
佳	O	O
的	O	O
邓	O	O
亚	O	O
萍	O	O
与	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
宝	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
十	O	O
佳	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
体	O	O
育	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
届	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
体	O	O
育	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
金	O	O
鹏	O	O
铝	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O
女	O	O
单	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
战	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
号	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
叶	O	O
钊	O	O
颖	O	O
和	O	O
龚	O	O
智	O	O
超	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
号	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
龚	O	O
智	O	O
超	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
４	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
杯	O	O
新	O	O
秀	O	O
战	O	O
决	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
女	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
叶	O	O
桂	O	O
五	O	O
段	O	O
执	O	O
黑	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
又	O	O
四	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
三	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
罗	O	O
洗	O	O
河	O	O
六	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
届	O	O
省	O	O
港	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
回	O	O
合	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
体	M	M
育	M	M
场	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
队	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
∶	O	O
０	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
以	O	O
两	O	O
回	O	O
合	O	O
总	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
２	O	O
∶	O	O
１	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
捧	O	O
得	O	O
省	O	O
港	O	O
杯	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
轮	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
男	O	O
排	O	O
战	O	O
事	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
队	O	O
一	O	O
胜	O	O
一	O	O
负	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
队	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
南	E	E
、	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	E	E
和	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
队	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
两	O	O
战	O	O
两	O	O
胜	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
、	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
和	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
河	B	B
南	E	E
和	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
两	O	O
支	O	O
升	O	O
班	O	O
马	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
取	O	O
胜	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
是	O	O
冷	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
也	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
队	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
薛	O	O
原	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
首	O	O
钢	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
打	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
本	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
得	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
钢	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
希	O	O
尔	O	O
顿	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
男	O	O
篮	O	O
甲	O	O
Ａ	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
轮	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
∶	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
联	O	O
航	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
刺	O	O
探	O	O
军	O	O
情	O	O
重	O	O
整	O	O
河	O	O
山	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
访	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
水	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
彭	O	O
绍	O	O
荣	O	O
彭	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
水	O	O
球	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
新	O	O
设	O	O
每	O	O
队	O	O
各	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
暂	O	O
停	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
（	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
１	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
时	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
；	O	O
７	O	O
米	O	O
圈	O	O
外	O	O
犯	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
间	O	O
接	O	O
任	O	O
意	O	O
球	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
任	O	O
意	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
射	O	O
门	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
；	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
员	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
持	O	O
旗	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
只	O	O
用	O	O
哨	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
游	O	O
速	O	O
；	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
拼	O	O
抢	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
无	O	O
球	O	O
附	O	O
加	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
判	O	O
罚	O	O
更	O	O
严	O	O
，	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
持	O	O
球	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
斗	O	O
更	O	O
趋	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
中	O	O
锋	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
强	O	O
攻	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
围	O	O
中	O	O
远	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
射	O	O
门	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
得	O	O
分	O	O
率	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
也	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
攻	O	O
防	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
队	O	O
全	O	O
攻	O	O
全	O	O
守	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
更	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
成	B	B
都	M	M
市	E	E
一	O	O
位	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
绕	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
“	O	O
赖	O	O
不	O	O
掉	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
赖	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
贴	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
出	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
绵	B	O
阳	M	O
市	E	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
富	O	O
临	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
欲	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
纬	O	O
编	O	O
织	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
答	O	O
应	O	O
连	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
都	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
闻	O	O
讯	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
不	O	O
领	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
到	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
抗	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
能	O	O
给	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
户	O	O
干	O	O
活	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
同	O	O
志	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
差	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
光	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
扩	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
在	O	O
哪	O	O
儿	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
算	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
用	O	O
工	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
私	O	O
企	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
用	O	O
工	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
饭	O	O
碗	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
铁	O	O
泥	O	O
”	O	O
差	O	O
别	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
条	O	O
路	O	O
走	O	O
不	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
连	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
叫	O	O
庞	O	O
增	O	O
福	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
刚	O	O
建	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
时	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
盼	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
对	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
没	O	O
戏	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
头	O	O
儿	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
卖	O	O
不	O	O
掉	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
换	O	O
汤	O	O
不	O	O
换	O	O
药	O	O
嘛	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
成	O	O
都	O	O
星	O	O
澳	O	O
牛	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
给	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
完	O	O
事	O	O
大	O	O
吉	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
卖	O	O
牛	O	O
肉	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
越	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
班	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
。	O	O
再	O	O
如	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
很	O	O
严	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
打	O	O
麻	O	O
将	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
锅	O	O
饭	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
把	O	O
人	O	O
惯	O	O
懒	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
衣	O	O
食	O	O
住	O	O
行	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
４	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
虎	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
五	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
汉	O	O
胜	O	O
在	O	O
厦	O	B
门	O	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
行	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
竞	O	O
买	O	O
到	O	O
标	O	O
明	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
为	O	O
『	O	O
刘	O	O
海	O	O
粟	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
水	O	O
画	O	O
及	O	O
标	O	O
明	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
为	O	O
『	O	O
萧	O	O
娴	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
等	O	O
五	O	O
幅	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
名	O	O
家	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
汉	O	O
胜	O	O
请	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
许	O	O
竞	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
刘	O	O
海	O	O
粟	O	O
』	O	O
和	O	O
『	O	O
萧	O	O
娴	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
为	O	O
赝	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
汉	O	O
胜	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
与	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
行	O	O
交	O	O
涉	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
无	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
遂	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
纸	O	O
诉	O	O
状	O	O
递	O	O
进	O	O
开	O	O
元	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
案	O	O
判	O	O
决	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
法	O	O
学	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
何	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
刘	O	O
九	O	O
庵	O	O
等	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
山	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
真	O	O
伪	O	O
应	O	O
予	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
以	O	O
『	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
须	O	O
知	O	O
』	O	O
取	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
九	O	O
庵	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
行	O	O
应	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
买	O	O
主	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
失	O	O
信	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
误	O	O
己	O	O
。	O	O
赵	O	O
志	O	O
文	O	O
王	O	O
桦	O	O
“	O	O
枣	B	O
庄	E	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
”	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
孤	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
已	O	O
向	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
化	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
耗	O	O
子	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
狡	O	O
诈	O	O
和	O	O
猖	O	O
狂	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
、	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
庆	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
就	O	O
截	O	O
获	O	O
３	O	O
起	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
三	B	O
峡	E	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
战	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
汉	O	O
、	O	O
隋	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
、	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
等	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
土	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
共	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
盗	O	O
窃	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
猖	O	O
獗	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
出	O	O
境	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
堵	O	O
截	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
观	O	O
新	O	O
：	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
得	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
厨	O	O
房	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
盆	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
速	O	O
冻	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
都	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
范	O	O
畴	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
市	E	E
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
“	O	O
年	O	O
夜	O	O
饭	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
厨	O	O
房	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
菜	O	O
肴	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
“	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
团	O	O
圆	O	O
套	O	O
菜	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
源	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
共	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
预	O	O
冷	O	O
肉	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
化	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
菜	O	O
肴	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
盆	O	O
。	O	O
长	B	B
春	E	E
冬	O	O
天	O	O
街	O	O
头	O	O
冷	O	O
食	O	O
热	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
限	O	O
时	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
免	O	O
遭	O	O
乱	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
乱	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
乱	O	O
摊	O	O
派	O	O
之	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
鉴	O	O
别	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
李	O	O
建	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
刘	O	O
春	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
许	O	O
文	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
北	B	O
京	E	O
康	O	O
淑	O	O
兰	O	O
等	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
来	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
《	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
周	O	O
刊	O	O
》	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
登	O	O
张	O	O
建	O	O
康	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
请	O	O
寄	O	O
：	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
部	O	O
百	O	O
富	O	O
勤	O	O
为	O	O
何	O	O
清	O	O
盘	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
百	O	O
富	O	O
勤	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
称	O	O
该	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
在	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
的	O	O
借	O	O
贷	O	O
和	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
将	O	O
近	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
定	O	O
息	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
（	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
以	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
计	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
期	O	O
由	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
以	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
购	O	O
回	O	O
，	O	O
百	O	O
富	O	O
勤	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
推	O	O
销	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
）	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
账	O	O
面	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
合	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
百	O	O
富	O	O
勤	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
属	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
《	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
获	O	O
认	O	O
可	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
或	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
百	O	O
富	O	O
勤	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
额	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
对	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
银	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
额	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
四	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
将	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
？	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
？	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
四	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
向	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
谈	O	O
谈	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
放	O	O
任	O	O
自	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
调	O	O
度	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
行	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
达	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
营	O	O
运	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
、	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
等	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
单	O	O
个	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
备	O	O
付	O	O
金	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
拆	O	O
借	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
借	O	O
款	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
存	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
性	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
等	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
廷	O	O
焕	O	O
在	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
下	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
性	O	O
”	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
对	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
行	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
放	O	O
松	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
和	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
和	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
等	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
指	O	O
令	O	O
性	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
要	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
指	O	O
令	O	O
性	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
稳	O	O
健	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
过	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
不	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
为	O	O
契	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
适	O	O
度	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
超	O	O
负	O	O
荷	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
；	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
审	O	O
贷	O	O
分	O	O
离	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
授	O	O
信	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
人	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
编	O	O
造	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
宗	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
，	O	O
假	O	O
“	O	O
死	O	O
”	O	O
过	O	O
四	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
假	O	O
“	O	O
伤	O	O
”	O	O
过	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
回	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
屡	O	O
次	O	O
骗	O	O
赔	O	O
的	O	O
得	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
胡	O	O
氏	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
的	O	O
胆	O	O
子	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
要	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
非	O	O
己	O	O
莫	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
罪	O	O
犯	O	O
终	O	O
有	O	O
露	O	O
“	O	O
马	O	O
脚	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
胡	O	O
汉	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
用	O	O
伪	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
去	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
索	O	O
赔	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
常	O	O
言	O	O
谈	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
。	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
胡	O	O
汉	O	O
方	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
证	O	O
据	O	O
”	O	O
向	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
和	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
起	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
纯	O	O
属	O	O
编	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
向	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
骗	O	O
赔	O	O
案	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
钟	O	O
保	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
前	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
价	O	O
”	O	O
指	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
价	O	O
与	O	O
前	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
涨	O	O
或	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
标	O	O
出	O	O
涨	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
数	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
给	O	O
出	O	O
涨	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
比	O	O
。	O	O
指	O	O
开	O	O
盘	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
亦	O	O
同	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
已	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
但	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
卖	O	O
出	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
卖	O	O
出	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
买	O	O
入	O	O
参	O	O
考	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
沪	O	O
市	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
前	O	O
五	O	O
名	O	O
（	O	O
％	O	O
）	O	O
４	O	O
自	O	O
仪	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
富	O	O
龙	O	O
热	O	O
力	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
海	O	O
虹	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
前	O	O
周	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
开	O	O
盘	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
上	O	O
证	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
股	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
深	O	O
证	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
股	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
Ｘ	O	O
Ｒ	O	O
同	O	O
方	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
华	B	O
东	E	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
川	O	O
长	O	O
征	O	O
Ａ	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
龚	O	O
雯	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
旧	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
属	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
作	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
经	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
旧	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
全	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
商	O	O
检	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
将	O	O
本	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
限	O	O
作	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
批	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
电	O	O
源	O	O
后	O	O
混	O	O
入	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
旧	O	O
货	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
被	O	O
海	O	O
南	O	O
商	O	O
检	O	O
局	O	O
查	O	O
检	O	O
的	O	O
海	B	O
口	E	O
８	O	O
家	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
现	O	O
货	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
仅	O	O
３	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
小	O	O
波	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
、	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
、	O	O
俭	O	O
朴	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
众	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
礼	O	O
仪	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
咱	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
不	O	O
妨	O	O
也	O	O
高	O	O
雅	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
，	O	O
换	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
？	O	O
飞	O	O
越	O	O
珠	B	O
穆	M	O
朗	M	O
玛	E	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
西	O	O
南	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
所	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
条	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
航	O	O
线	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
每	O	O
周	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
六	O	O
从	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
往	O	O
返	O	O
尼	B	B
泊	M	M
尔	E	E
首	O	O
都	O	O
加	B	B
德	M	M
满	M	M
都	E	E
的	O	O
航	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
富	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
民	O	O
航	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
筹	O	O
划	O	O
着	O	O
飞	O	O
越	O	O
喜	B	B
马	M	M
拉	M	M
雅	E	M
山	O	M
巅	O	E
的	O	O
周	O	O
密	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
潘	O	O
国	O	O
定	O	O
机	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
“	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
”	O	O
号	O	O
螺	O	O
旋	O	O
桨	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
四	B	B
川	M	E
广	M	B
汉	M	M
机	M	M
场	E	E
起	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
经	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
过	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
宽	O	O
的	O	O
乔	B	O
克	M	O
西	M	O
山	M	O
口	E	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
降	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	M	M
当	M	M
雄	M	M
机	M	M
场	E	E
。	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
金	O	O
桥	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
架	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
局	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
趟	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
交	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
往	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
市	O	O
郊	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
共	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
趟	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
开	O	O
往	O	O
苏	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
无	B	B
锡	E	E
、	O	O
镇	B	B
江	E	E
、	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
共	O	O
５	O	O
趟	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
交	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
局	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
站	E	E
推	O	O
出	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
卡	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
何	O	O
水	O	O
根	O	O
）	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
航	O	O
天	O	O
员	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
“	O	O
哈	O	O
勃	O	O
”	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
望	O	O
远	O	O
镜	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
用	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
―	O	O
５	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
“	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
射	O	O
电	O	O
望	O	O
远	O	O
镜	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
射	O	O
电	O	O
望	O	O
远	O	O
镜	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
从	O	O
东	B	O
京	E	O
分	O	O
辨	O	O
出	O	O
悉	B	B
尼	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
米	O	O
粒	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
代	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
、	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
“	O	O
铱	O	O
”	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
低	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
铱	O	O
”	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
跃	O	O
。	O	O
五	O	O
、	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
长	O	O
征	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
均	O	O
获	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
红	O	O
三	O	O
号	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
云	O	O
二	O	O
号	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
喜	O	O
上	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
次	O	O
数	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
率	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
六	O	O
、	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
站	O	O
故	O	O
障	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
。	O	O
七	O	O
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
“	O	O
火	O	O
星	O	O
探	O	O
路	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
器	O	O
在	O	O
火	O	O
星	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
着	O	O
陆	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
丰	O	O
硕	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
八	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
卡	O	O
西	O	O
尼	O	O
”	O	O
行	O	O
星	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
器	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
飞	O	O
向	O	O
土	O	O
星	O	O
。	O	O
九	O	O
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
打	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
、	O	O
欧	O	O
空	O	O
局	O	O
阿	O	O
里	O	O
安	O	O
―	O	O
５	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
获	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
里	O	O
安	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
赵	O	O
申	O	O
张	O	O
大	O	O
华	O	O
）	O	O
△	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
总	O	O
局	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
税	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
跨	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
营	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
由	O	O
总	O	O
店	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
税	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
△	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
有	O	O
降	O	O
价	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
行	O	O
家	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
承	O	O
受	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
为	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
价	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
率	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
的	O	O
降	O	O
价	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
余	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
电	O	O
子	O	O
音	O	O
响	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
对	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
装	O	O
机	O	O
量	O	O
已	O	O
近	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
９	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
容	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
将	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
为	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
降	O	O
价	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
宋	O	O
光	O	O
茂	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
车	O	O
到	O	O
山	O	O
前	O	O
必	O	O
有	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
路	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
熟	O	O
知	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
大	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
合	O	O
资	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
整	O	O
车	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
社	O	O
长	O	O
横	O	O
井	O	O
明	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
与	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
。	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
有	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
间	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
商	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
前	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
后	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
拿	O	O
给	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
则	O	O
据	O	O
此	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
无	O	O
库	O	O
存	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
商	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
会	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
库	O	O
存	O	O
。	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
商	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
传	O	O
到	O	O
厂	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
耳	O	O
朵	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
商	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
专	O	O
销	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
厂	O	O
商	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
先	O	O
把	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
和	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
再	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
太	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
思	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
冈	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
早	O	O
川	O	O
泰	O	O
伸	O	O
殿	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
Ａ	O	O
级	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
眼	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
历	O	O
，	O	O
吃	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
老	O	O
本	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
还	O	O
像	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
思	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
却	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
文	O	O
凭	O	O
“	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
了	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
也	O	O
染	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
病	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
傲	O	O
慢	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
滑	O	O
坡	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
奥	O	O
田	O	O
硕	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
接	O	O
任	O	O
社	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
田	O	O
退	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
川	O	O
不	O	O
器	O	O
男	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
非	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
掌	O	O
舵	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
职	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
在	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
率	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
进	O	O
军	O	O
（	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
常	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
搞	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
丰	O	O
田	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
企	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
奥	O	O
田	O	O
硕	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
略	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
焦	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
证	O	O
岂	O	O
可	O	O
买	O	O
卖	O	O
？	O	O
上	O	O
过	O	O
驾	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
刹	O	O
车	O	O
是	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
操	O	O
纵	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
没	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
踩	O	O
住	O	O
刹	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
都	O	O
犯	O	O
过	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
被	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
踩	O	O
过	O	O
刹	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
犯	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
车	O	O
水	O	O
马	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
无	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
政	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
小	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
要	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
经	O	O
销	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
商	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
对	O	O
小	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｌ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｐ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
”	O	O
牌	O	O
电	O	O
吹	O	O
风	O	O
珠	O	O
海	O	O
飞	O	O
利	O	O
浦	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
电	O	O
器	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
“	O	O
尚	O	O
朋	O	O
堂	O	O
”	O	O
牌	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｊ	O	O
－	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
型	O	O
果	O	O
汁	O	O
碎	O	O
冰	O	O
机	O	O
尚	O	O
朋	O	O
堂	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
局	O	O
由	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
西	M	M
站	E	E
至	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	E
站	E	O
间	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
交	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
起	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
趟	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
次	O	O
为	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
／	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
双	O	O
层	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
车	O	O
厢	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
属	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
从	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
西	M	M
站	E	E
和	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	E
站	E	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
上	O	O
车	O	O
后	O	O
再	O	O
买	O	O
车	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
往	O	O
返	O	O
于	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
和	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
买	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
月	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
张	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
月	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
乘	O	O
坐	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
站	E	E
至	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	M
站	E	E
的	O	O
游	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
游	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
／	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
次	O	O
及	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
站	E	E
至	O	O
唐	B	B
山	M	M
站	E	E
的	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
／	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
次	O	O
６	O	O
趟	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
毛	O	O
序	O	O
国	O	O
）	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
渤	O	O
西	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
歧	O	O
口	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
歧	O	O
口	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
―	O	O
３	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
陆	O	O
地	O	O
油	O	O
气	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
厂	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
距	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
塘	B	O
沽	E	O
均	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
后	O	O
日	O	O
供	O	O
气	O	O
可	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
―	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
渤	O	O
海	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
把	O	O
渤	B	B
海	E	E
建	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
等	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
曾	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
过	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
握	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
三	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
驻	O	O
京	O	O
大	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
厅	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
入	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
共	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
作	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
（	O	O
草	O	O
案	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
李	O	O
文	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
华	O	O
纳	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
将	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
公	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
鲁	O	O
吉	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
曾	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
眼	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
来	O	O
华	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
是	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
于	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
樱	O	O
内	O	O
义	O	O
雄	O	O
为	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
是	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
最	O	O
能	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
我	O	O
党	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
州	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
副	O	O
组	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
上	O	O
干	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
遍	O	O
了	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
的	O	O
山	O	O
山	O	O
水	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
和	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
饱	O	O
含	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
是	O	O
老	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
宁	O	O
愿	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
挨	O	O
饿	O	O
受	O	O
冻	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
送	O	O
军	O	O
粮	O	O
、	O	O
缝	O	O
军	O	O
衣	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
鞋	O	O
垫	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
子	O	O
参	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
牺	O	O
牲	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
四	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
牺	O	O
牲	O	O
。	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
交	O	O
“	O	O
穷	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
来	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
省	O	O
吃	O	O
俭	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
接	O	O
济	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
“	O	O
穷	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
衡	O	O
量	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
官	O	O
干	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
曾	O	O
讲	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
古	O	O
语	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
意	O	O
莫	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
莫	O	O
厚	O	O
于	O	O
乐	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
我	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
的	O	O
墙	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
穷	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
”	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
镜	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
去	O	O
管	O	O
？	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
也	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
管	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
捐	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
元	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
解	O	O
燃	O	O
眉	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
用	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
管	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
、	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
穷	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
”	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
靠	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
帮	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
张	O	O
承	O	O
凤	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
寡	O	O
妇	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
是	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
到	O	O
她	O	O
家	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
她	O	O
家	O	O
养	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
果	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
也	O	O
富	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
本	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
穷	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
”	O	O
帮	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
教	O	O
导	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
卢	O	O
克	O	O
俭	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
甘	O	O
肃	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
孙	O	O
英	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
甘	B	B
肃	M	M
省	E	E
省	O	O
长	O	O
计	O	O
	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
献	O	O
计	O	O
献	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
奖	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
出	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
对	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
库	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
同	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
皮	O	O
埃	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
奥	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
贝	O	O
・	O	O
特	O	O
沃	O	O
杰	O	O
雷	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
、	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
萨	O	O
希	O	O
杜	O	O
・	O	O
丹	O	O
戈	O	O
―	O	O
纳	O	O
代	O	O
伊	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
何	O	O
伟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
―	O	O
尚	B	B
义	E	E
震	O	O
区	O	O
受	O	O
伤	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
危	O	O
重	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
转	O	O
危	O	O
为	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
外	O	O
科	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
内	O	O
科	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
运	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
急	O	O
需	O	O
。	O	O
连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
震	O	O
区	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
低	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
领	O	O
到	O	O
御	O	O
寒	O	O
的	O	O
衣	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
大	B	B
河	M	M
乡	E	E
水	B	O
乡	M	O
村	E	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
席	O	O
星	O	O
顺	O	O
领	O	O
到	O	O
油	O	O
毡	O	O
、	O	O
煤	O	O
油	O	O
等	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
形	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
舸	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
对	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
镇	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
查	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
摸	O	O
清	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
镇	O	O
的	O	O
镇	O	O
区	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
汇	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
：	O	O
表	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
镇	O	O
区	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
镇	O	O
区	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
（	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
）	O	O
镇	O	O
区	O	O
总	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
（	O	O
人	O	O
）	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
镇	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
镇	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
镇	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
从	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
起	O	O
着	O	O
举	O	O
足	O	O
轻	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
汇	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
个	O	O
数	O	O
占	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
占	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
（	O	O
见	O	O
表	O	O
３	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
从	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
与	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
占	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
；	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
、	O	O
批	O	O
零	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
餐	O	O
饮	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
占	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
较	O	O
小	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
汇	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
镇	O	O
区	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
数	O	O
占	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
占	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
（	O	O
见	O	O
表	O	O
４	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
镇	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
市	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
镇	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
粮	O	O
源	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
不	O	O
畅	O	O
、	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
必	O	O
下	O	O
大	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
抓	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
粮	O	O
田	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
、	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
撂	O	O
荒	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
等	O	O
苗	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
述	O	O
评	O	O
（	O	O
上	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
“	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
”	O	O
抓	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
抓	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
更	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
给	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
性	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
供	O	O
求	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
等	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
（	O	O
简	O	O
称	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
通	O	O
盘	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
。	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
摸	O	O
索	O	O
和	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
行	O	O
之	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
都	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
肉	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
禽	O	O
蛋	O	O
、	O	O
奶	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
等	O	O
六	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冉	O	O
永	O	O
平	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
机	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
通	O	O
过	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
等	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
昆	B	B
明	E	E
：	O	O
邻	O	O
国	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
成	O	O
时	O	O
尚	O	O
承	B	O
德	E	O
：	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
良	O	O
种	O	O
作	O	O
年	O	O
礼	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
性	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
有	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
石	B	B
漫	M	M
滩	E	E
水	O	O
库	O	O
复	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
和	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
都	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
带	O	O
队	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
、	O	O
甘	B	B
肃	E	E
、	O	O
吉	B	B
林	E	E
、	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
、	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
、	O	O
福	B	B
建	E	E
、	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
、	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
、	O	O
湖	B	B
北	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
、	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
等	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
都	O	O
由	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
挂	O	O
帅	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
赴	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
自	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
中	O	O
与	O	O
本	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
本	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
取	O	O
保	O	O
候	O	O
审	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
羁	O	O
押	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
被	O	O
告	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
近	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
和	O	O
律	O	O
师	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
取	O	O
保	O	O
候	O	O
审	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
在	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
内	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
答	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
取	O	O
保	O	O
候	O	O
审	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
并	O	O
交	O	O
纳	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
冬	O	O
日	O	O
助	O	O
老	O	O
情	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
吾	O	O
老	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
老	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
美	O	O
德	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
。	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
来	O	O
函	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
助	O	O
养	O	O
事	O	O
宜	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
云	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
于	O	O
若	O	O
木	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
助	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
谢	O	O
觉	O	O
哉	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
王	O	O
定	O	O
国	O	O
也	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
任	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
水	O	O
清	O	O
将	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
他	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
领	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
稿	O	O
费	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
助	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
愿	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
老	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
助	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
您	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
他	O	O
：	O	O
孝	O	O
敬	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
乃	O	O
做	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
本	O	O
；	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
您	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
走	O	O
近	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
晚	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
；	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
您	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
垂	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
您	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
的	O	O
甘	O	O
甜	O	O
；	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
您	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
尽	O	O
己	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
之	O	O
手	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
！	O	O
该	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
由	O	O
郑	B	O
州	M	O
市	E	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
与	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
六	O	O
○	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
器	O	O
械	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
伤	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
死	O	O
者	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
和	O	O
剖	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
为	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
了	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
晓	O	O
钟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
定	O	O
居	O	O
台	O	O
胞	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
等	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
台	O	O
胞	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
廷	O	O
翰	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
向	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
定	O	O
居	O	O
的	O	O
台	O	O
胞	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
向	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
及	O	O
早	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
划	O	O
归	O	O
原	O	O
四	B	O
川	M	O
省	E	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
重	B	O
庆	M	O
市	E	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
万	B	O
县	M	O
市	E	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
涪	B	O
陵	M	O
市	E	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
黔	B	O
江	E	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
庆	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
重	B	O
庆	M	O
市	E	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
夏	O	O
良	O	O
颜	O	O
雨	O	O
）	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
从	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
学	O	O
雷	O	O
锋	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
：	O	O
四	O	O
、	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
学	O	O
雷	O	O
锋	O	O
贯	O	O
穿	O	O
到	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
《	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
争	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
牢	O	O
记	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
雷	O	O
锋	O	O
为	O	O
榜	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
争	O	O
创	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
连	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
争	O	O
当	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
士	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
辉	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
中	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
任	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
亚	O	O
太	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
对	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
军	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
为	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
军	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
长	O	O
航	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
春	O	O
运	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
请	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
春	O	O
运	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
云	O	O
非	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
傅	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
版	O	O
面	O	O
备	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
笔	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
编	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
版	O	O
面	O	O
备	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
节	O	O
庆	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
国	O	O
庆	O	O
等	O	O
节	O	O
庆	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
外	O	O
事	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
台	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
署	O	O
名	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
等	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
类	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
稿	O	O
的	O	O
版	O	O
面	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
常	O	O
例	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
例	O	O
和	O	O
变	O	O
例	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
熊	O	O
光	O	O
楷	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
员	O	O
刘	O	O
顺	O	O
尧	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
军	O	O
副	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
员	O	O
贺	O	O
鹏	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
外	O	O
办	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
罗	O	O
斌	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
詹	O	O
懋	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
助	O	O
理	O	O
杨	O	O
洁	O	O
篪	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
随	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
斯	O	O
洛	O	O
科	O	O
姆	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
军	O	O
太	O	O
平	O	O
洋	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
普	O	O
吕	O	O
厄	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
尚	O	O
慕	O	O
杰	O	O
等	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
乌	B	B
鲁	M	M
木	M	M
齐	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
祝	O	O
谦	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
新	B	B
疆	M	M
维	M	M
吾	M	M
尔	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
农	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
天	O	O
山	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
相	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
事	O	O
：	O	O
水	O	O
清	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
灯	O	O
亮	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
路	O	O
平	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
病	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
们	O	O
盛	O	O
赞	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
参	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
震	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
银	O	O
线	O	O
』	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	B
北	O	M
县	O	E
单	O	O
晶	O	O
河	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
支	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
值	O	O
班	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
撼	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
摇	O	O
晃	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
员	O	O
跑	O	O
出	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
厅	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
墙	O	O
轰	O	O
然	O	O
倒	O	O
塌	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
过	O	O
后	O	O
余	O	O
震	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
邮	O	O
路	O	O
却	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
未	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O
单	O	O
晶	O	O
河	O	O
支	O	O
局	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
室	O	O
倒	O	O
塌	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
局	O	O
就	O	O
用	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
搭	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
『	O	O
全	O	O
天	O	O
候	O	O
』	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
对	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
来	O	O
华	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
阁	O	O
下	O	O
此	O	O
访	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
英	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
对	O	O
英	O	O
方	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
就	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
互	O	O
访	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
设	O	O
想	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
对	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
还	O	O
就	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
亚	O	O
欧	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
等	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
性	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
荣	O	O
典	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
俄	O	B
罗	O	M
斯	O	E
友	O	O
好	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
趋	O	O
向	O	O
缓	O	O
和	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
求	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
谋	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
促	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
阻	O	O
挡	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
主	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
同	O	O
盟	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
张	B	B
北	E	M
地	O	M
区	O	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
伤	O	O
亡	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
同	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
向	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
震	O	O
区	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
寻	O	O
找	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
失	O	O
踪	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
所	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
在	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
安	O	O
全	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
同	O	O
盟	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
修	O	O
好	O	O
二	O	O
桥	O	O
、	O	O
十	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
绿	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
处	O	O
低	O	O
洼	O	O
积	O	O
水	O	O
已	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
完	O	O
毕	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
气	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
已	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
到	O	O
四	O	O
面	O	O
八	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
主	O	O
干	O	O
道	O	O
已	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
畅	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
的	O	O
水	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
纯	O	O
净	O	O
率	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
省	O	O
会	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
了	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
６	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
旧	O	O
城	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
达	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
破	O	O
烂	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
徐	O	O
机	O	O
玲	O	O
）	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
南	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
第	O	O
十	O	O
届	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
张	O	O
晔	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
侵	O	O
权	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
版	O	O
权	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
日	O	O
趋	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
音	O	O
像	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
很	O	O
猖	O	O
獗	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
也	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
版	O	O
权	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
署	O	O
署	O	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
友	O	O
先	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
书	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
音	O	O
像	O	O
及	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
等	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
版	O	O
权	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
最	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
版	O	O
权	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
落	O	O
伍	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
版	O	O
权	O	O
局	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
狠	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
嚣	O	O
张	O	O
气	O	O
焰	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
与	O	O
版	O	O
权	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
、	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
反	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
徜	O	O
徉	O	O
于	O	O
书	O	O
报	O	O
摊	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
难	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
好	O	O
书	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
署	O	O
别	O	O
出	O	O
心	O	O
裁	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
在	O	O
幕	O	O
后	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
、	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
领	O	O
奖	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
姬	O	O
自	O	O
述	O	O
《	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
》	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
中	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
尖	O	O
兵	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
厅	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
馆	O	O
馆	O	O
长	O	O
王	O	O
刚	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
馆	O	O
和	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
吕	O	O
飞	O	O
杰	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
科	O	O
院	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
院	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
创	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
荐	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
种	O	O
参	O	O
评	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
出	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
项	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
交	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
评	O	O
审	O	O
团	O	O
评	O	O
审	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
、	O	O
严	O	O
谨	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
、	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
论	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
奖	O	O
８	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
奖	O	O
１	O	O
项	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
奖	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
信	O	O
誉	O	O
杯	O	O
奖	O	O
１	O	O
项	O	O
。	O	O
获	O	O
此	O	O
殊	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
辉	O	O
瑞	O	O
制	O	O
药	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
扶	O	O
康	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
龚	O	O
金	O	O
星	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
湖	O	B
南	O	E
常	O	O
德	O	O
市	O	O
鼎	O	O
城	O	O
一	O	O
中	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
项	O	O
教	O	O
改	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
推	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
领	O	O
奖	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
校	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
近	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
主	O	O
编	O	O
或	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
观	O	O
摩	O	O
课	O	O
、	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
课	O	O
等	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
节	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
君	O	O
超	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	M
科	M	M
技	M	M
馆	E	E
在	O	O
穹	O	O
幕	O	O
影	O	O
厅	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
李	O	O
政	O	O
道	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
展	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
铜	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
从	O	O
商	O	O
代	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
青	O	O
铜	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
密	O	O
铸	O	O
造	O	O
要	O	O
比	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
早	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
商	O	O
朝	O	O
对	O	O
冶	O	O
金	O	O
（	O	O
混	O	O
合	O	O
金	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
商	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
铜	O	O
器	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
提	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
把	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
铜	O	O
器	O	O
模	O	O
型	O	O
对	O	O
照	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
学	O	O
之	O	O
余	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
与	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
此	O	O
举	O	O
似	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
英	O	O
军	O	O
出	O	O
兵	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
算	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
教	O	O
派	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
已	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
伤	O	O
亡	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
忍	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
物	O	O
极	O	O
而	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
思	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
乃	O	O
适	O	O
逢	O	O
其	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
虽	O	O
与	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
归	O	O
属	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
居	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
派	O	O
民	O	O
众	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
争	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
内	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
业	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
同	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
共	O	O
同	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
电	O	O
慰	O	O
我	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
老	B	O
挝	E	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
诺	O	O
哈	O	O
和	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
坎	O	O
代	O	O
联	O	O
名	O	O
向	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
和	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
电	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
得	O	B
克	O	M
萨	O	M
斯	O	M
州	O	E
越	O	B
棉	O	M
寮	O	E
华	O	O
裔	O	O
联	O	O
谊	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
谢	O	O
家	O	O
树	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
该	O	O
会	O	O
向	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
河	B	B
北	E	M
张	B	M
家	M	M
口	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
支	O	O
票	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
休	B	O
斯	M	O
敦	E	O
总	O	O
领	O	O
事	O	O
吴	O	O
祖	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
符	O	O
福	O	O
渊	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
江	O	O
浙	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
大	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
”	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	M
地	O	M
区	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
会	O	O
名	O	O
誉	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
章	O	O
爱	O	O
龙	O	O
在	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
向	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
总	O	O
领	O	O
事	O	O
邱	O	O
胜	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
交	O	O
了	O	O
支	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
邱	O	O
总	O	O
领	O	O
事	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
冰	O	O
暴	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
名	O	B
城	O	E
蒙	B	B
特	M	M
利	M	M
尔	E	E
，	O	O
使	O	O
整	O	O
座	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
几	O	O
近	O	O
瘫	O	O
痪	O	O
，	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
波	O	O
及	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
魁	B	B
北	M	M
克	M	M
省	E	E
。	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
气	O	O
象	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
厄	O	O
尔	O	O
尼	O	O
诺	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
暖	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
在	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
平	O	O
面	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
空	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
上	O	O
层	O	O
暖	O	O
气	O	O
团	O	O
降	O	O
落	O	O
的	O	O
雨	O	O
水	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
就	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
冰	O	O
，	O	O
魁	B	B
北	M	M
克	M	M
省	E	E
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
降	O	O
冰	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
冰	O	O
量	O	O
之	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
之	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
之	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
所	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
冰	O	O
暴	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
蒂	O	O
安	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
魁	B	B
北	M	M
克	M	M
省	E	E
和	O	O
安	B	B
大	M	M
略	M	M
省	E	E
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
奔	O	O
赴	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
给	O	O
魁	B	B
北	M	M
克	M	M
省	E	E
拨	O	O
款	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
退	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
进	O	O
守	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
攻	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
试	O	O
析	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
是	O	O
地	O	O
跨	O	O
欧	O	O
亚	O	O
两	O	O
洲	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
向	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
。	O	O
俄	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
称	O	O
其	O	O
为	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
。	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
从	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
获	O	O
得	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
俄	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
重	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
超	O	O
独	O	O
霸	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
强	O	O
行	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
单	O	O
极	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
了	O	O
俄	O	O
美	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
也	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
了	O	O
欧	O	O
美	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
大	O	O
国	O	O
也	O	O
想	O	O
与	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
分	O	O
庭	O	O
抗	O	O
礼	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
与	O	O
俄	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
超	O	O
主	O	O
宰	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
有	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
大	O	O
叔	O	O
”	O	O
发	O	O
号	O	O
施	O	O
令	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
共	O	O
鸣	O	O
。	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
德	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
的	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
给	O	O
希	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
尔	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
驾	O	O
马	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
商	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
叶	B	O
卡	M	O
捷	M	O
琳	M	O
堡	E	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
也	O	O
与	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
首	O	O
相	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
俄	O	O
与	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
事	O	O
宜	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
。	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
还	O	O
拟	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
阿	B	B
根	M	M
廷	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
兰	O	O
才	O	O
基	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
街	O	O
区	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
在	O	O
城	O	B
南	O	M
河	O	E
口	O	O
贫	O	O
民	O	O
区	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
让	O	O
『	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
与	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
』	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	B
美	O	E
菁	O	O
英	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
在	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
首	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
农	O	O
历	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
团	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
由	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
华	O	O
裔	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
２	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
州	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
宇	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
维	B	B
也	M	M
纳	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
云	O	O
峰	O	O
）	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
克	O	O
利	O	O
马	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
向	O	O
奥	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
奥	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O
谢	O	O
瓦	O	O
尔	O	O
德	O	O
纳	O	O
泽	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
阿	B	B
布	M	M
哈	M	M
兹	E	E
冲	O	O
突	O	O
的	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
仍	O	O
无	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
格	B	B
鲁	M	M
吉	M	M
亚	E	E
将	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
按	O	O
“	O	O
波	B	B
黑	E	E
维	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
巴	B	B
格	M	M
达	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
顾	O	O
正	O	O
龙	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
社	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
萨	O	O
达	O	O
姆	O	O
・	O	O
侯	O	O
赛	O	O
因	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
释	O	O
放	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
关	O	O
押	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
囚	O	O
犯	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
安	B	B
曼	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
夏	O	O
林	O	O
）	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
首	O	O
相	O	O
马	O	O
贾	O	O
利	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
旦	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
刺	O	O
杀	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
官	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
尽	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
案	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
缉	O	O
拿	O	O
凶	O	O
犯	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
封	O	O
锁	O	O
了	O	O
约	O	O
伊	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
人	O	O
出	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
由	O	O
伊	O	B
拉	O	M
克	O	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
组	O	O
也	O	O
已	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
安	B	O
曼	E	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
暗	O	O
杀	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
现	O	O
任	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
轮	O	O
值	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
国	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
。	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
在	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
会	O	O
谈	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
敦	O	O
促	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
对	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
尔	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
连	O	O
志	O	O
）	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
突	B	B
尼	M	M
斯	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
赛	O	O
义	O	O
德	O	O
・	O	O
本	O	O
・	O	O
穆	O	O
斯	O	O
塔	O	O
法	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
应	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
铲	O	O
除	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
武	O	O
宽	O	O
在	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
时	O	O
对	O	O
越	O	O
中	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
中	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
都	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
稳	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
两	O	O
件	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
：	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
对	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
行	O	O
使	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
交	O	O
接	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
越	O	O
中	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
两	O	O
党	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
洛	B	B
杉	M	M
矶	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
如	O	O
为	O	O
）	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
、	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
加	B	B
州	E	E
出	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
也	O	O
投	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
加	B	B
州	E	E
乃	O	O
至	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
上	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
架	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
延	O	O
期	O	O
交	O	O
货	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
货	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
零	O	O
部	O	O
件	O	O
都	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
商	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
预	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
或	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
交	O	O
货	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
蒙	O	O
受	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
善	O	O
待	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
米	B	B
兰	E	E
商	O	O
业	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
橱	O	O
窗	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
身	O	O
涂	O	O
满	O	O
鲜	O	O
红	O	O
油	O	O
漆	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
向	O	O
过	O	O
往	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
抗	O	O
议	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
皮	O	O
毛	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
）	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
痼	O	O
疾	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
政	O	O
界	O	O
及	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
左	O	O
翼	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
褒	O	O
贬	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
抗	O	O
议	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
就	O	O
扑	O	O
面	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
己	O	O
任	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
若	O	O
斯	O	O
潘	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
俄	O	O
新	O	O
社	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
定	O	O
波	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
能	O	O
被	O	O
氧	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
氧	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
照	O	O
射	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
会	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
成	O	O
氧	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
与	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
氧	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
臭	O	O
氧	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
量	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
臭	O	O
氧	O	O
就	O	O
足	O	O
以	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
臭	O	O
氧	O	O
层	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
损	O	O
耗	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
将	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
器	O	O
装	O	O
在	O	O
离	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
更	O	O
佳	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
将	O	O
建	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B	B
西	M	M
利	M	M
亚	M	M
动	M	M
物	M	M
园	E	E
附	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
它	O	O
和	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
融	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
圈	O	O
出	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
的	O	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
巴	B	B
西	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
观	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
者	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
广	O	O
袤	O	O
的	O	O
稀	B	B
树	M	M
草	M	M
原	E	E
中	O	O
游	O	O
览	O	O
探	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
汉	B	B
城	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
林	O	O
昌	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
当	O	O
选	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
金	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
度	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
在	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
管	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
：	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
』	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
分	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
、	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
起	O	O
初	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
仍	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
渐	O	O
次	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
发	O	O
新	O	O
股	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
邮	O	O
政	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
股	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
其	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
邮	O	O
政	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
其	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
股	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
讯	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
总	O	O
共	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
涉	O	O
足	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
战	O	O
后	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
退	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
不	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
理	O	O
顺	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
在	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
网	O	O
点	O	O
不	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
邮	O	O
政	O	O
储	O	O
蓄	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
与	O	O
邮	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
历	O	O
来	O	O
合	O	O
署	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
家	O	O
后	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
等	O	O
细	O	O
节	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
不	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
各	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
三	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
的	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
包	O	O
裹	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
则	O	O
按	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
使	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
于	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
德	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
作	O	O
好	O	O
以	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
员	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
则	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
、	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
最	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
为	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
额	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
德	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
更	O	O
便	O	O
捷	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
价	O	O
廉	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
送	O	O
话	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
线	O	O
送	O	O
话	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
一	O	O
机	O	O
多	O	O
用	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
将	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
波	B	B
恩	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
何	O	O
大	O	O
一	O	O
因	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
“	O	O
鸡	O	O
尾	O	O
酒	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
”	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
《	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
》	O	O
周	O	O
刊	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
风	O	O
云	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
刻	O	O
苦	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
攻	O	O
克	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
与	O	O
美	B	O
国	E	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
在	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
薛	O	O
原	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
体	O	O
育	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
成	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
健	O	O
儿	O	O
已	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
备	O	O
战	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
冲	O	O
刺	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
庞	O	O
海	O	O
龙	O	O
还	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
宋	O	O
臣	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
短	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
全	O	O
能	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
统	O	O
领	O	O
着	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
泳	O	O
坛	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
亚	O	B
特	O	M
兰	O	M
大	O	E
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
曾	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
块	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
枚	O	O
奖	O	O
牌	O	O
独	O	O
步	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
依	O	O
然	O	O
独	O	O
领	O	O
风	O	O
骚	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
金	O	O
５	O	O
银	O	O
５	O	O
铜	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
枚	O	O
奖	O	O
牌	O	O
位	O	O
居	O	O
各	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
队	O	O
之	O	O
首	O	O
，	O	O
名	O	O
将	O	O
汤	O	O
普	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
戴	O	O
肯	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
兰	O	O
风	O	O
采	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
从	O	O
未	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
拿	O	O
到	O	O
奖	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
乌	B	B
克	M	M
兰	E	E
异	O	O
军	O	O
突	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
１	O	O
金	O	O
１	O	O
银	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
刮	O	O
目	O	O
相	O	O
看	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
荷	B	B
兰	E	E
、	O	O
比	B	B
利	M	M
时	E	E
、	O	O
匈	B	B
牙	M	M
利	E	E
、	O	O
哥	B	B
斯	M	M
达	M	M
黎	M	M
加	E	E
也	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
金	O	O
入	O	O
账	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
枚	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
瓜	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
已	O	O
为	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
所	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
。	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
，	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
问	O	O
号	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
评	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
跳	O	O
水	O	O
在	O	O
亚	O	B
特	O	M
兰	O	M
大	O	E
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
以	O	O
３	O	O
金	O	O
对	O	O
１	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
四	O	O
枚	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
旁	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
胜	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
从	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
上	O	O
找	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
悉	B	B
尼	E	E
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
跳	O	O
水	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
问	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
珀	B	B
斯	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
普	O	O
降	O	O
瑞	O	O
雪	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
雪	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
使	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
春	O	O
播	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
喜	O	O
上	O	O
眉	O	O
梢	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
令	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
欣	O	O
喜	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
滑	O	O
冰	O	O
、	O	O
滑	O	O
雪	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
去	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
至	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
前	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
获	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
前	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
为	O	O
孔	O	O
令	O	O
辉	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
国	O	O
梁	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
	O	O
和	O	O
张	O	O
勇	O	O
，	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
前	O	O
四	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
杨	O	O
影	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
菊	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
楠	O	O
和	O	O
王	O	O
晨	O	O
。	O	O
申	O	O
思	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
充	O	O
沛	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
细	O	O
腻	O	O
、	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
、	O	O
擅	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
射	O	O
等	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
中	O	O
场	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
超	O	O
级	O	O
替	O	O
补	O	O
”	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
为	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
申	O	O
花	O	O
队	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
型	O	O
中	O	O
场	O	O
之	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
奥	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
康	O	O
博	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
赴	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
采	O	O
访	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
体	O	O
育	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
团	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
暖	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
服	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
它	O	O
、	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
它	O	O
并	O	O
防	O	O
御	O	O
它	O	O
。	O	O
敢	O	O
问	O	O
苍	O	O
茫	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
但	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
不	O	O
甘	O	O
心	O	O
屈	O	O
服	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
的	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
青	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
甘	B	B
肃	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
三	O	O
省	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
台	O	O
站	O	O
；	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
仪	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
哨	O	O
兵	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
监	O	O
视	O	O
着	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
“	O	O
脉	O	O
搏	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
跳	O	O
动	O	O
；	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
更	O	O
以	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
年	O	O
默	O	O
默	O	O
捕	O	O
捉	O	O
着	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
深	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
虽	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
张	B	B
掖	M	M
市	E	E
就	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
防	O	O
御	O	O
暨	O	O
震	O	O
时	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
到	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
喻	O	O
户	O	O
晓	O	O
。	O	O
未	O	O
雨	O	O
绸	O	O
缪	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
尝	O	O
胜	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
在	O	O
情	O	O
理	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
之	O	O
情	O	O
溢	O	O
于	O	O
言	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
震	O	O
害	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
形	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
可	O	O
视	O	O
化	O	O
直	O	O
观	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
动	O	O
态	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
与	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
震	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
广	O	O
记	O	O
『	O	O
铁	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
』	O	O
练	O	O
摊	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	E	E
３	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
寿	O	O
星	O	O
”	O	O
熊	O	O
猫	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
患	O	O
病	O	O
于	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
老	O	O
家	O	O
疗	O	O
养	O	O
；	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
让	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
肠	O	O
牵	O	O
挂	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
４	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	M	M
市	M	E
桃	M	O
仙	M	O
国	M	O
际	M	O
机	M	O
场	E	O
。	O	O
熊	O	O
猫	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
趴	O	O
在	O	O
为	O	O
她	O	O
特	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
笼	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
冯	O	O
惠	O	O
芳	O	O
和	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
李	O	O
文	O	O
凑	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
半	O	O
跪	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
端	O	O
起	O	O
小	O	O
盆	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
、	O	O
米	O	O
奶	O	O
，	O	O
柔	O	O
柔	O	O
地	O	O
唤	O	O
着	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
！	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
！	O	O
再	O	O
喝	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
咱	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	E	E
的	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
吧	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
饿	O	O
坏	O	O
身	O	O
子	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
行	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
右	O	O
眼	O	O
患	O	O
白	O	O
内	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
“	O	O
目	O	O
无	O	O
表	O	O
情	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
惊	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
左	O	O
眼	O	O
里	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
滚	O	O
出	O	O
两	O	O
颗	O	O
泪	O	O
珠	O	O
。	O	O
慢	O	O
慢	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
喝	O	O
干	O	O
了	O	O
小	O	O
半	O	O
盆	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
她	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
故	O	O
里	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	E	E
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
晚	O	O
餐	O	O
。	O	O
竹	O	O
叶	O	O
远	O	O
道	O	O
运	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
赶	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
冯	O	O
和	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
老	O	O
郑	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
去	O	O
找	O	O
盆	O	O
竹	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
求	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
剪	O	O
下	O	O
竹	O	O
叶	O	O
。	O	O
光	O	O
吃	O	O
竹	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
冯	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
自	O	O
制	O	O
削	O	O
果	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
削	O	O
出	O	O
片	O	O
片	O	O
苹	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
萝	O	O
卜	O	O
让	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
“	O	O
尝	O	O
鲜	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
节	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
”	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
她	O	O
“	O	O
贵	O	O
体	O	O
无	O	O
恙	O	O
”	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
年	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
的	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
冯	O	O
的	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
不	O	O
舒	O	O
服	O	O
，	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
扁	O	O
桃	O	O
体	O	O
发	O	O
炎	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
冯	O	O
没	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
请	O	O
邻	O	O
居	O	O
把	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
整	O	O
夜	O	O
陪	O	O
伴	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
李	O	O
文	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
把	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
熬	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
却	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
门	O	O
心	O	O
思	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
分	O	O
管	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
园	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
建	O	O
局	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
推	O	O
敲	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
关	O	O
节	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
在	O	O
空	O	O
运	O	O
中	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
保	O	O
温	O	O
？	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
？	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
老	O	O
矣	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
能	O	O
饭	O	O
否	O	O
？	O	O
（	O	O
冯	O	O
奎	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
湖	O	O
南	O	O
岳	O	O
阳	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
阳	O	O
宝	O	O
华	O	O
岳	B	B
阳	E	E
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
素	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
鱼	O	O
米	O	O
之	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
湖	O	O
区	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
卡	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
县	O	O
乡	O	O
财	O	O
源	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
漆	O	O
器	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
脱	O	O
胎	O	O
漆	O	O
器	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
破	O	O
旧	O	O
与	O	O
逼	O	O
仄	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
让	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吃	O	O
惊	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
厂	O	O
副	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
郑	O	O
朝	O	O
铨	O	O
坦	O	O
承	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
厂	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
重	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
漆	O	O
器	O	O
重	O	O
现	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
车	O	O
水	O	O
马	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
声	O	O
鼎	O	O
沸	O	O
的	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
朝	M	M
外	M	M
大	M	M
街	E	E
、	O	O
工	B	O
体	M	O
北	M	B
路	E	E
等	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
两	O	O
旁	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
帧	O	O
帧	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
段	O	O
闪	O	O
耀	O	O
着	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
幅	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
肖	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
灯	O	O
箱	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
精	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
交	O	O
相	O	O
辉	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
路	O	O
人	O	O
驻	O	O
足	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
朝	B	B
外	M	M
大	M	M
街	E	E
一	O	O
长	O	O
串	O	O
的	O	O
圆	O	O
形	O	O
灯	O	O
箱	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
邱	O	O
少	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
根	O	O
思	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
继	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
锋	O	O
、	O	O
焦	O	O
裕	O	O
禄	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
秉	O	O
贵	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
进	O	O
喜	O	O
、	O	O
孔	O	O
繁	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
素	O	O
丽	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
肖	O	O
像	O	O
更	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
五	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
陌	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
盯	O	O
着	O	O
灯	O	O
箱	O	O
问	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
辈	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
谁	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
王	O	O
进	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
肖	O	O
像	O	O
下	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
久	O	O
违	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
人	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
曾	O	O
为	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
！	O	O
工	B	O
体	M	O
北	M	O
路	E	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
橱	O	O
窗	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
赖	O	O
仁	O	O
琼	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
变	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
变	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
陈	O	O
腐	O	O
之	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
乱	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
除	O	O
旧	O	O
布	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
拨	O	O
乱	O	O
反	O	O
正	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
变	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
坏	O	O
变	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
事	O	O
物	O	O
以	O	O
至	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
变	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
事	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
属	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
属	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
也	O	O
叫	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
是	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
成	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
是	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
成	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
要	O	O
沿	O	O
着	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
宽	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
健	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
，	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
所	O	O
要	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
上	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
“	O	O
锡	B	B
山	M	M
市	E	E
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
与	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
述	O	O
评	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
看	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
新	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
新	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
言	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O
锡	B	B
山	M	M
市	E	E
是	O	O
“	O	O
苏	B	B
南	E	E
模	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
始	O	O
者	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
大	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
：	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
办	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
促	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
、	O	O
兴	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
联	O	O
产	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
包	O	O
三	O	O
改	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
型	O	O
”	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
型	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
由	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
向	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
苏	B	B
南	E	E
模	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
苏	B	B
南	E	E
模	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
应	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
会	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
冯	O	O
之	O	O
浚	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
泊	O	O
溪	O	O
等	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
苏	B	B
南	E	E
模	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
苏	B	B
南	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
以	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
敢	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
先	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
寻	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
向	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
功	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
没	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
者	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
要	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
锡	B	B
山	M	M
市	E	E
提	O	O
出	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
向	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
驱	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
又	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
被	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
星	O	O
火	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
密	O	O
集	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
锡	O	B
山	O	M
市	O	E
科	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
；	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
、	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
、	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
用	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
黄	O	O
铸	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
消	O	O
灭	O	O
了	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
都	O	O
还	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
使	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
斯	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
法	O	O
德	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
阐	O	O
明	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
斯	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
从	O	O
爱	B	B
尔	M	M
兰	E	E
到	O	O
西	B	B
西	M	E
里	E	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
安	B	B
达	M	M
卢	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
到	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
和	O	O
保	B	B
加	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
西	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
在	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
比	B	B
利	M	M
时	E	E
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
统	O	O
治	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
块	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
当	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
说	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
西	B	B
欧	E	E
是	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
便	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
斯	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
阐	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
私	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
预	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
灭	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
去	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
其	O	O
灭	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
用	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
去	O	O
剥	O	O
夺	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
（	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
有	O	O
无	O	O
报	O	O
偿	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
大	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
小	O	O
农	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
社	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
易	O	O
于	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
到	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
社	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
下	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
就	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
块	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
篇	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
斯	O	O
还	O	O
讲	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
大	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
剥	O	O
夺	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
用	O	O
赎	O	O
买	O	O
来	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
还	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
论	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
是	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
又	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
来	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
在	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
重	O	O
振	O	O
雄	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
用	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
非	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
或	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
合	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
行	O	O
之	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
可	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
可	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
（	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
售	O	O
予	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
企	O	O
分	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
活	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
可	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
或	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
由	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
买	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
是	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
分	O	O
红	O	O
和	O	O
按	O	O
劳	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
使	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
其	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
民	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
或	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
租	O	O
赁	O	O
或	O	O
包	O	O
给	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
或	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
收	O	O
取	O	O
租	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
五	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
给	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
将	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
非	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
或	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
削	O	O
弱	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
它	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
搞	O	O
活	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
卸	O	O
掉	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
无	O	O
损	O	O
于	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
壮	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
孙	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
波	O	O
及	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
不	O	O
约	O	O
而	O	O
同	O	O
地	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
堵	O	O
塞	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
。	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
；	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
和	O	O
东	B	B
欧	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
也	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
从	O	O
低	O	O
谷	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
“	O	O
起	O	O
死	O	O
回	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
令	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
叹	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
财	O	O
经	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
悲	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
担	O	O
起	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
出	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
财	O	O
经	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
经	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
财	O	O
经	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
环	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
通	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
型	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
体	O	O
富	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
传	O	O
授	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
朝	O	O
着	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
和	O	O
分	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
将	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
、	O	O
融	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
或	O	O
单	O	O
靠	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
南	O	O
财	O	O
经	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
李	O	O
渭	O	O
清	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
和	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
中	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
改	O	O
革	O	O
财	O	O
经	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
势	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
安	O	O
体	O	O
富	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
经	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
所	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
别	O	O
无	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O
温	O	O
红	O	O
彦	O	O
“	O	O
伐	O	O
木	O	O
丁	O	O
丁	O	O
，	O	O
鸟	O	O
鸣	O	O
嘤	O	O
嘤	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
幽	O	O
谷	O	O
，	O	O
迁	O	O
于	O	O
乔	O	O
木	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
当	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
讲	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
授	O	O
这	O	O
首	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
歌	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
必	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
乔	O	O
迁	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
词	O	O
即	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
诗	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
曾	O	O
联	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
处	O	O
新	O	O
居	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
当	O	O
“	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
”	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
提	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
租	O	O
赁	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
写	O	O
进	O	O
《	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
教	O	O
育	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
“	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
”	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
崛	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
大	B	B
连	E	E
的	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
大	O	O
厦	O	O
、	O	O
昆	B	B
明	E	E
的	O	O
园	O	O
丁	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
育	O	O
新	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
中	O	O
无	O	O
房	O	O
户	O	O
和	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
户	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
已	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
偏	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
，	O	O
也	O	O
拨	O	O
出	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
专	O	O
款	O	O
补	O	O
助	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
新	B	B
疆	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
，	O	O
“	O	O
嫁	O	O
女	O	O
莫	O	O
嫁	O	O
教	O	O
书	O	O
郎	O	O
，	O	O
娃	O	O
娃	O	O
会	O	O
跑	O	O
无	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
”	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
旧	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
闻	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
清	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
蓝	B	O
旗	M	O
营	M	O
教	M	O
师	M	O
住	M	O
宅	M	O
小	M	O
区	E	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
等	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
紧	O	O
锣	O	O
密	O	O
鼓	O	O
地	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
教	O	O
育	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
与	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
兼	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
综	O	O
观	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
尖	O	O
端	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
所	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
尖	O	O
端	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
。	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
所	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
：	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
或	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
仅	O	O
占	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
类	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
应	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
由	O	O
应	O	O
试	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
向	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
教	O	O
育	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
它	O	O
牵	O	O
涉	O	O
到	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
基	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
系	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
赵	O	O
忠	O	O
心	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
应	O	O
以	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
衡	O	O
量	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
再	O	O
以	O	O
分	O	O
数	O	O
为	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
总	O	O
把	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
应	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
喜	O	O
迁	O	O
新	O	O
居	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
新	O	O
探	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
者	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
及	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
和	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
考	O	O
查	O	O
中	O	O
解	O	O
脱	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
为	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
程	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
要	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
广	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
程	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
以	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
式	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
；	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
中	O	O
起	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
共	O	O
知	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
敬	O	O
业	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
将	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
粗	O	O
浅	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
教	O	O
于	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
错	O	O
位	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
”	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
无	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
可	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O
试	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
在	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
有	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
不	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
观	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
恰	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
考	O	O
出	O	O
真	O	O
才	O	O
实	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
对	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
汝	O	O
小	O	O
美	O	O
从	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
病	O	O
例	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
新	O	O
被	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
―	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
抵	O	O
御	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
紧	O	O
迫	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
性	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
横	O	O
向	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
纵	O	O
向	O	O
直	O	O
至	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
仍	O	O
无	O	O
制	O	O
胜	O	O
之	O	O
道	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
日	O	O
”	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
街	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
记	O	O
住	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
您	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
您	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
不	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
几	O	O
种	O	O
适	O	O
于	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
或	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
后	O	O
可	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
『	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
』	O	O
法	O	O
补	O	O
救	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
非	O	O
意	O	O
愿	O	O
妊	O	O
娠	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
常	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
在	O	O
房	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
服	O	O
用	O	O
米	O	O
非	O	O
司	O	O
酮	O	O
或	O	O
复	O	O
方	O	O
口	O	O
服	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
片	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
放	O	O
置	O	O
宫	O	O
内	O	O
节	O	O
育	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
五	O	O
天	O	O
内	O	O
放	O	O
置	O	O
宫	O	O
内	O	O
节	O	O
育	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
，	O	O
副	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
简	O	O
便	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
流	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
应	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
避	O	O
孕	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
在	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
无	O	O
害	O	O
化	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
率	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
桶	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
运	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
转	O	O
运	O	O
站	O	O
运	O	O
至	O	O
城	O	O
郊	O	O
裸	O	O
露	O	O
堆	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
了	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
孽	O	O
生	O	O
蚊	O	O
蝇	O	O
，	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
大	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
花	O	O
费	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
填	O	O
埋	O	O
等	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
占	O	O
用	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
药	O	O
牵	O	O
手	O	O
欧	O	O
美	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
院	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
鄢	O	O
良	O	O
通	O	O
关	O	O
记	O	O
鄢	O	O
良	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
选	O	O
定	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
作	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
打	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
琐	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
打	O	O
通	O	O
Ｆ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
关	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
异	O	O
于	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
通	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
京	B	B
城	E	E
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
耳	O	O
鼻	O	O
喉	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
董	O	O
现	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
采	O	O
药	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
劳	O	O
累	O	O
过	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
无	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
染	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
肺	O	O
炎	O	O
。	O	O
董	O	O
大	O	O
夫	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
耳	O	O
鼻	O	O
喉	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
行	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
苦	O	O
苦	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
硕	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
止	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
未	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
攀	O	O
昆	B	B
仑	M	M
山	E	E
外	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
到	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
采	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
背	O	O
着	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
到	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
，	O	O
足	O	O
迹	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
大	O	O
江	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
给	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
打	O	O
分	O	O
？	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
黄	O	O
帝	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
位	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
堇	O	O
屹	O	O
大	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
平	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
祛	O	O
除	O	O
痹	O	O
症	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
王	O	O
大	O	O
夫	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
苦	O	O
心	O	O
求	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
通	O	O
痹	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
药	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
中	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
慰	O	O
藉	O	O
。	O	O
刷	O	O
牙	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
洗	O	O
牙	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
氧	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
浓	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
氧	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
体	O	O
对	O	O
氧	O	O
的	O	O
摄	O	O
取	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
血	O	O
液	O	O
中	O	O
氧	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
氧	O	O
分	O	O
压	O	O
增	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
中	O	O
枢	O	O
神	O	O
经	O	O
、	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
、	O	O
呼	O	O
吸	O	O
、	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
及	O	O
内	O	O
分	O	O
泌	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
理	O	O
机	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
驯	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
鹊	O	O
在	O	O
捕	O	O
食	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
害	O	O
虫	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
君	O	O
从	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
走	O	O
入	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
舒	O	O
建	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
颇	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
触	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
多	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
顶	O	O
俩	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
顶	O	O
仨	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
对	O	O
故	O	O
土	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
辉	O	O
李	O	O
清	O	O
华	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
何	O	O
伟	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
降	O	O
临	O	O
到	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
、	O	O
尚	B	B
义	E	E
、	O	O
万	B	O
全	E	O
、	O	O
康	B	O
保	M	O
县	E	O
。	O	O
波	O	O
及	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
震	O	O
中	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
、	O	O
尚	B	B
义	E	E
两	O	O
县	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
间	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
夷	O	O
为	O	O
平	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
间	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
危	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
家	O	O
可	O	O
归	O	O
，	O	O
４	O	O
９	O	O
人	O	O
罹	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
受	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
军	O	O
分	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
武	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
驻	O	O
张	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
也	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
抢	O	O
险	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
直	O	O
升	O	O
机	O	O
轰	O	O
鸣	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
运	O	O
兵	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
救	O	O
护	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
车	O	O
飞	O	O
驰	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
颇	O	O
为	O	O
壮	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
体	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
分	O	O
夺	O	O
秒	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
伤	O	O
病	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
重	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
救	O	O
治	O	O
或	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
无	O	O
效	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
救	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
次	O	O
日	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
将	O	O
下	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
。	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
奋	O	O
战	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
两	O	O
夜	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
了	O	O
劳	O	O
累	O	O
，	O	O
冒	O	O
雪	O	O
苦	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
赶	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
架	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
顶	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
，	O	O
搭	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
防	O	O
冻	O	O
棚	O	O
。	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
捐	O	O
献	O	O
棉	O	O
衣	O	O
、	O	O
棉	O	O
被	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
件	O	O
（	O	O
套	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
棉	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
顶	O	O
，	O	O
罐	O	O
头	O	O
和	O	O
压	O	O
缩	O	O
饼	O	O
干	O	O
４	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O
共	O	O
计	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
急	O	O
如	O	O
星	O	O
火	O	O
运	O	O
往	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
大	B	B
圪	M	M
村	E	E
不	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
传	O	O
出	O	O
琅	O	O
琅	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
五	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
办	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
凑	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
来	O	O
彩	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
具	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
。	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
真	O	O
诚	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
都	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
边	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
在	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
加	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
贸	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
向	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
阁	O	O
下	O	O
和	O	O
贝	O	O
宁	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
阁	O	O
下	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
对	O	O
华	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
”	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
库	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
向	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
的	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
帮	O	O
助	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
还	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
捍	O	O
卫	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
他	O	O
愿	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
贝	O	O
宁	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
诚	O	O
挚	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
Ａ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
）	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
和	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
，	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
团	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
张	O	O
发	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
段	O	O
春	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
田	O	O
曾	O	O
佩	O	O
，	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
钱	O	O
树	O	O
根	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
山	O	O
在	O	O
；	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
奥	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
特	O	O
沃	O	O
杰	O	O
雷	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
丹	O	O
戈	O	O
―	O	O
纳	O	O
代	O	O
伊	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
阿	O	O
代	O	O
希	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
库	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
来	O	O
华	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
摆	O	O
在	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
研	O	O
读	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
对	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
所	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
钻	O	O
研	O	O
和	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
地	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
、	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
总	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
以	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
“	O	O
统	O	O
揽	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
向	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
、	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
兼	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
已	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
三	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
韩	O	O
杼	O	O
滨	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
列	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
磊	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	O	O
幼	O	O
棣	O	O
）	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
那	B	B
曲	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
过	O	O
问	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
的	O	O
抗	O	O
灾	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
向	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
赴	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
抗	O	O
灾	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
赴	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
抗	O	O
灾	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
还	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
对	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
的	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
要	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
抗	O	O
大	O	O
灾	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
抗	O	O
灾	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
以	O	O
赴	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
住	O	O
牲	O	O
畜	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
灾	O	O
后	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
有	O	O
饭	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
衣	O	O
穿	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
住	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
过	O	O
冬	O	O
，	O	O
渡	O	O
过	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
牧	O	O
区	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
早	O	O
作	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
盘	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
。	O	O
赴	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
组	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
张	O	O
志	O	O
刚	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
胡	O	O
锦	O	O
涛	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
源	O	O
泉	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
之	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
落	O	O
脚	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
谋	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
越	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
心	O	O
系	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
要	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
暖	O	O
疾	O	O
苦	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
功	O	O
绩	O	O
、	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
和	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
今	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
虚	O	O
心	O	O
向	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
辜	O	O
负	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
殷	O	O
切	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
担	O	O
当	O	O
起	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
重	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
胡	O	O
锦	O	O
涛	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
交	O	O
替	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
继	O	O
往	O	O
开	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
上	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
好	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
的	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
较	O	O
早	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
有	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
给	O	O
以	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
摸	O	O
清	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
、	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
老	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
老	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
为	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
唐	O	O
卫	O	O
彬	O	O
）	O	O
湖	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
关	O	O
广	O	O
富	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
荣	O	O
礼	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
其	O	O
凡	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
纯	O	O
宣	O	O
、	O	O
郝	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
章	O	O
治	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
鲍	O	O
隆	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
华	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
忠	O	O
俭	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
蒋	O	O
祝	O	O
平	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
生	O	O
铁	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
晓	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
洪	O	O
祥	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
坚	O	O
卫	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
瑞	O	O
科	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
少	O	O
阶	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
道	O	O
坤	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
吴	O	O
家	O	O
友	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
阿	O	O
敏	O	O
）	O	O
河	B	O
南	M	O
省	E	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
任	O	O
克	O	O
礼	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
张	O	O
德	O	O
广	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
宪	O	O
章	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
钟	O	O
力	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
世	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
俞	O	O
家	O	O
骅	O	O
、	O	O
亢	O	O
崇	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
铎	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
祖	O	O
亮	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
马	O	O
忠	O	O
臣	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
成	O	O
玉	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
洪	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
志	O	O
斌	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
以	O	O
祥	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
明	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
涛	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
李	O	O
道	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
彭	O	O
俊	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
供	O	O
求	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
购	O	O
销	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
波	O	O
动	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
从	O	O
卖	O	O
方	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
买	O	O
方	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
时	O	O
段	O	O
、	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
过	O	O
剩	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
辣	O	O
椒	O	O
烂	O	O
在	O	O
菜	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
苹	O	O
果	O	O
树	O	O
砍	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
柴	O	O
烧	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
拖	O	O
拉	O	O
机	O	O
黄	O	O
瓜	O	O
换	O	O
不	O	O
回	O	O
一	O	O
包	O	O
红	O	O
梅	O	O
烟	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
屡	O	O
见	O	O
报	O	O
端	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
欧	O	O
向	O	O
阳	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
中	O	O
农	O	O
药	O	O
残	O	O
留	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
抓	O	O
无	O	O
公	O	O
害	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
已	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
无	O	O
公	O	O
害	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
与	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
以	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
体	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
贸	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
加	O	O
销	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
五	O	O
是	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
庆	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
重	O	O
奖	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
“	O	O
功	O	O
臣	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
状	O	O
。	O	O
大	B	B
庆	E	E
扩	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
商	O	O
家	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
洽	O	O
谈	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
内	O	O
贸	O	O
部	O	O
等	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
９	O	O
类	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
改	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
节	O	O
水	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
，	O	O
塑	O	O
料	O	O
管	O	O
材	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
开	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	B
西	O	M
南	O	M
地	O	M
区	O	E
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
了	O	O
西	B	B
南	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
大	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
泓	O	O
洋	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
以	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
为	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
进	O	O
京	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
从	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
、	O	O
招	O	O
收	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
京	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
都	O	O
由	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
程	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
京	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
输	O	O
入	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
和	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
山	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
财	O	O
税	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
山	B	O
东	E	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
高	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
至	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
已	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
支	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
县	O	O
县	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
挂	O	O
账	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
地	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
挂	O	O
账	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
山	B	O
东	E	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
建	O	O
林	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
电	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
耳	O	O
目	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
：	O	O
超	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
集	O	O
成	O	O
电	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
英	O	O
寸	O	O
等	O	O
离	O	O
子	O	O
平	O	O
板	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
化	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
影	O	O
院	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
ｚ	O	O
扩	O	O
频	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
让	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
者	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
置	O	O
身	O	O
于	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
化	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
济	O	O
南	O	O
明	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
民	O	O
制	O	O
药	O	O
厂	O	O
从	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
小	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
过	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
山	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
针	O	O
剂	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
友	O	O
线	O	O
缆	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
朔	O	O
黄	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
联	O	O
行	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
好	O	O
戏	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
唱	O	O
好	O	O
精	O	O
干	O	O
主	O	O
线	O	O
放	O	O
活	O	O
辅	O	O
线	O	O
分	O	O
灶	O	O
吃	O	O
饭	O	O
本	O	O
钢	O	O
靠	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
增	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
器	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
，	O	O
俞	O	O
正	O	O
声	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
、	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
哪	O	O
个	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
人	O	O
身	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
当	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
器	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
在	O	O
密	O	O
闭	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
中	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
碳	O	O
中	O	O
毒	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
近	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
烟	O	O
道	O	O
式	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
器	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
烟	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
隐	O	O
患	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
热	O	O
水	O	O
器	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
也	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
私	O	O
自	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
邢	O	O
宝	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
雄	O	O
县	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
支	O	O
农	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
逾	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
大	O	O
户	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
”	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
低	O	O
产	O	O
田	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
章	O	O
锁	O	O
志	O	O
强	O	O
）	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
中	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
渎	O	O
职	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
”	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
已	O	O
将	O	O
渎	O	O
职	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
渎	O	O
职	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
分	O	O
则	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
章	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
渎	O	O
职	O	O
罪	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
分	O	O
则	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
章	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
殴	O	O
打	O	O
、	O	O
体	O	O
罚	O	O
、	O	O
虐	O	O
待	O	O
被	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
人	O	O
罪	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
。	O	O
刑	O	O
法	O	O
分	O	O
则	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
章	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
罪	O	O
中	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
重	O	O
婚	O	O
案	O	O
；	O	O
（	O	O
六	O	O
）	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
（	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
除	O	O
外	O	O
）	O	O
；	O	O
伪	O	O
证	O	O
罪	O	O
、	O	O
拒	O	O
不	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
判	O	O
决	O	O
裁	O	O
定	O	O
罪	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
条	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
对	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
对	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
不	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
不	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
后	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
在	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
《	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
不	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
后	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
内	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
将	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
书	O	O
面	O	O
答	O	O
复	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
不	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
《	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
移	O	O
送	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
在	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
《	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
内	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
书	O	O
送	O	O
达	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
条	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
案	O	O
情	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
因	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
和	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
需	O	O
保	O	O
守	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
而	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
在	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
辩	O	O
护	O	O
律	O	O
师	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
辩	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
条	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
查	O	O
阅	O	O
、	O	O
摘	O	O
抄	O	O
、	O	O
复	O	O
制	O	O
本	O	O
案	O	O
所	O	O
指	O	O
控	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
被	O	O
告	O	O
人	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O
辩	O	O
护	O	O
律	O	O
师	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
条	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
向	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
与	O	O
本	O	O
案	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
取	O	O
证	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
庭	O	O
作	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
辩	O	O
护	O	O
律	O	O
师	O	O
经	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
经	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
其	O	O
近	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
、	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
与	O	O
本	O	O
案	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
诉	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
附	O	O
带	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
附	O	O
带	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
限	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
开	O	O
庭	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
前	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
一	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
条	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
查	O	O
询	O	O
、	O	O
冻	O	O
结	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
汇	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
扣	O	O
划	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
汇	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
、	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
起	O	O
诉	O	O
中	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
汇	O	O
款	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
没	O	O
收	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
返	O	O
还	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
裁	O	O
定	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
冻	O	O
结	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
汇	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
上	O	O
缴	O	O
国	O	O
库	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
返	O	O
还	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
对	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
金	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
取	O	O
保	O	O
候	O	O
审	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
金	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
收	O	O
取	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
取	O	O
保	O	O
候	O	O
审	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
拘	O	O
留	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
拘	O	O
留	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
送	O	O
达	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
据	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
查	O	O
证	O	O
属	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
八	O	O
、	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
在	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
另	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
羁	O	O
押	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
经	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
须	O	O
报	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
备	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
、	O	O
移	O	O
送	O	O
起	O	O
诉	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
、	O	O
住	O	O
址	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
无	O	O
扣	O	O
押	O	O
、	O	O
冻	O	O
结	O	O
在	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
被	O	O
告	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
物	O	O
及	O	O
存	O	O
放	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
告	O	O
人	O	O
被	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
在	O	O
案	O	O
及	O	O
羁	O	O
押	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
在	O	O
起	O	O
诉	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
列	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
单	O	O
独	O	O
移	O	O
送	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
隐	O	O
私	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
身	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
宜	O	O
在	O	O
起	O	O
诉	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
列	O	O
明	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
、	O	O
住	O	O
址	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
独	O	O
移	O	O
送	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
同	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
证	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
被	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
证	O	O
据	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
；	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
对	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
公	O	O
诉	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
计	O	O
入	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
。	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
法	O	O
庭	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
中	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
庭	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
在	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
辩	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
向	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
序	O	O
由	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
长	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
二	O	O
审	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
死	O	O
刑	O	O
复	O	O
核	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
赃	O	O
款	O	O
赃	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
返	O	O
还	O	O
被	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
物	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
的	O	O
违	O	O
禁	O	O
品	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
上	O	O
缴	O	O
国	O	O
库	O	O
。	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
挪	O	O
用	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
私	O	O
自	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
赃	O	O
款	O	O
赃	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
作	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
本	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
辉	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
罗	O	O
宾	O	O
・	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
时	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
英	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
亚	O	O
欧	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
英	O	O
中	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
。	O	O
英	O	O
中	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
同	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
希	O	O
望	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
军	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
军	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
军	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
两	O	O
军	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
步	O	O
地	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
请	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
对	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
他	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
卑	O	O
微	O	O
』	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
景	O	O
吧	O	O
：	O	O
王	O	O
凤	O	O
兴	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
凤	O	O
兴	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
穷	O	O
光	O	O
蛋	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
用	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
作	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
！	O	O
』	O	O
『	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
查	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
躺	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
儿	O	O
埋	O	O
进	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
金	O	O
钱	O	O
利	O	O
诱	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
王	O	O
凤	O	O
兴	O	O
改	O	O
改	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
义	O	O
正	O	O
辞	O	O
严	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
你	O	O
连	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
亿	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
哪	O	O
能	O	O
要	O	O
你	O	O
钱	O	O
！	O	O
』	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
外	O	O
籍	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
责	O	O
怪	O	O
王	O	O
凤	O	O
兴	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
事	O	O
先	O	O
跟	O	O
他	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
凤	O	O
兴	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
你	O	O
光	O	O
说	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
管	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
谁	O	O
来	O	O
管	O	O
？	O	O
』	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
致	O	O
信	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
英	O	O
烈	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
之	O	O
无	O	O
愧	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
臣	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
信	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
骄	O	O
傲	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
和	O	O
牺	O	O
牲	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
才	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
仆	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
，	O	O
勇	O	O
往	O	O
直	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
当	O	O
之	O	O
无	O	O
愧	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
臣	O	O
！	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
特	O	O
向	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
最	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
敬	O	O
意	O	O
！	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
丁	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
、	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
演	O	O
和	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
为	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
辛	O	O
勤	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
再	O	O
接	O	O
再	O	O
厉	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
益	O	O
求	O	O
精	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
使	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
好	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
高	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
兴	O	O
、	O	O
喜	O	O
气	O	O
洋	O	O
洋	O	O
过	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
孙	O	O
杰	O	O
）	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
》	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
邮	O	O
票	O	O
１	O	O
套	O	O
６	O	O
枚	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	O	O
兢	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
：	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
政	O	O
要	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
到	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
沈	O	O
国	O	O
放	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
和	O	O
处	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
同	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
的	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
持	O	O
异	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
建	O	O
交	O	O
国	O	O
同	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
方	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
沈	O	O
国	O	O
放	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
将	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
于	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
对	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
新	B	B
西	M	M
兰	E	E
和	O	O
斐	B	O
济	E	O
四	O	O
国	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
团	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
到	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
驻	O	O
地	O	O
偏	O	O
僻	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
地	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
不	O	O
吃	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
收	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
报	O	O
酬	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
局	O	O
、	O	O
台	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
也	O	O
以	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
登	O	O
台	O	O
献	O	O
艺	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
本	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
排	O	O
练	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
祝	O	O
华	O	O
新	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
文	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
艺	M	M
术	M	M
剧	M	M
院	E	E
的	O	O
老	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
之	O	O
因	O	O
患	O	O
病	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
林	O	O
连	O	O
昆	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
他	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
俩	O	O
动	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
起	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
幕	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
初	O	O
露	O	O
窘	O	O
态	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
《	O	O
文	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
牵	O	O
线	O	O
搭	O	O
桥	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
成	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
人	O	O
艺	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
《	O	O
茶	O	O
馆	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
南	O	O
下	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
盛	O	O
况	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
都	O	O
饶	O	O
有	O	O
兴	O	O
致	O	O
地	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
每	O	O
出	O	O
戏	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
反	O	O
馈	O	O
到	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
仅	O	O
《	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
楼	O	O
》	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
演	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
《	O	O
文	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
雅	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
念	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O
贺	O	O
岁	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
甲	O	O
方	O	O
乙	O	O
方	O	O
》	O	O
票	O	O
房	O	O
火	O	O
爆	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
崛	O	O
起	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
排	O	O
斥	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
大	O	O
片	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
争	O	O
雄	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
冯	O	O
小	O	O
刚	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
《	O	O
甲	O	O
方	O	O
乙	O	O
方	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
等	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
争	O	O
睹	O	O
《	O	O
甲	O	O
方	O	O
乙	O	O
方	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
电	O	O
影	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
在	O	O
与	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
造	O	O
就	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
谱	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
病	O	O
菌	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
抗	O	O
药	O	O
性	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
悲	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
救	O	O
救	O	O
西	O	O
药	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
哀	O	O
叹	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
药	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
悄	O	O
然	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
和	O	O
卓	O	O
越	O	O
疗	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
人	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
代	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
刘	O	O
臣	O	O
恢	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
总	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
制	O	O
药	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
仿	O	O
照	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
摩	O	O
托	O	O
罗	O	O
拉	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
智	O	O
能	O	O
化	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
可	O	O
视	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
面	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
使	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
了	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
。	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
则	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
流	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
区	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
车	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
除	O	O
尘	O	O
无	O	O
菌	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
叹	O	O
为	O	O
观	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
药	O	O
是	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
合	O	O
成	O	O
药	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
成	O	O
份	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
确	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
、	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
药	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
是	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
验	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
神	O	O
农	O	O
尝	O	O
百	O	O
草	O	O
”	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
先	O	O
一	O	O
味	O	O
一	O	O
味	O	O
地	O	O
尝	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
按	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
中	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
讲	O	O
定	O	O
量	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
做	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
衡	O	O
量	O	O
中	O	O
药	O	O
的	O	O
疗	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
只	O	O
凭	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
车	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
成	O	O
品	O	O
包	O	O
装	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
汇	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
学	O	O
摩	O	O
托	O	O
罗	O	O
拉	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
内	O	O
学	O	O
长	O	O
虹	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
邯	O	O
钢	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
融	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
翁	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
”	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
汇	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
座	O	O
右	O	O
铭	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
侏	O	O
罗	O	O
纪	O	O
恐	O	O
龙	O	O
化	O	O
石	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
晚	O	O
侏	O	O
罗	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
早	O	O
侏	O	O
罗	O	O
世	O	O
的	O	O
恐	O	O
龙	O	O
化	O	O
石	O	O
很	O	O
是	O	O
稀	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
零	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
介	O	O
于	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
禄	B	O
丰	E	O
恐	O	O
龙	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
群	O	O
和	O	O
四	B	O
川	E	O
自	B	O
贡	E	O
恐	O	O
龙	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
群	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
蜥	O	O
脚	O	O
类	O	O
恐	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
源	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
铁	O	O
树	O	O
属	O	O
苏	O	O
铁	O	O
科	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
名	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
盆	O	O
栽	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
单	O	O
株	O	O
。	O	O
铁	O	O
树	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
雷	O	O
击	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
闪	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
式	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
不	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
多	O	O
头	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
大	B	B
连	M	M
市	E	E
园	O	O
林	O	O
技	O	O
师	O	O
衣	O	O
宝	O	O
泰	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
雷	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
促	O	O
成	O	O
铁	O	O
树	O	O
由	O	O
单	O	O
株	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
多	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
之	O	O
谜	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
是	O	O
雷	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
击	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
铁	O	O
树	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
式	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
衣	O	O
技	O	O
师	O	O
以	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
地	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
了	O	O
单	O	O
株	O	O
铁	O	O
树	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
性	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
润	O	O
泽	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
各	O	O
“	O	O
坏	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
萌	O	O
发	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
芽	O	O
包	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
单	O	O
株	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
至	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
入	O	O
冬	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	M	M
省	E	E
庄	B	B
河	M	M
市	E	E
涌	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
山	O	O
乡	O	O
渔	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
盼	O	O
望	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
、	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
和	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
庄	B	B
河	M	M
市	E	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
已	O	O
跻	O	O
身	O	O
辽	B	B
宁	M	M
省	E	E
十	O	O
强	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
百	O	O
强	O	O
县	O	O
。	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
都	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
庄	B	B
河	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
再	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
功	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
没	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
者	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
昆	O	O
明	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
附	O	O
属	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
陈	O	O
昆	O	O
昌	O	O
医	O	O
师	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
协	O	O
和	O	O
医	O	O
科	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
肿	O	O
瘤	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
黄	O	O
镜	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
兰	O	O
州	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
系	O	O
郑	O	O
荣	O	O
梁	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
湘	O	O
茹	O	O
张	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
与	O	O
通	O	O
源	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
源	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
Ｗ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
Ｗ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
总	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
通	O	O
源	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
及	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
站	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
携	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
源	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
销	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
与	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
站	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
业	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
晓	O	O
白	O	O
）	O	O
两	O	O
伊	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
遗	O	O
留	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
萨	O	O
哈	O	O
夫	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
德	B	B
黑	M	M
兰	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
此	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
说	O	O
服	O	O
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
兰	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
国	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
帮	O	O
助	O	O
解	O	O
除	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
。	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
在	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
查	O	O
明	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
是	O	O
否	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
杀	O	O
伤	O	O
性	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
只	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
就	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
萨	O	O
达	O	O
姆	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
内	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
方	O	O
面	O	O
如	O	O
能	O	O
同	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
前	O	O
撤	O	O
离	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
以	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
里	O	O
特	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
和	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
继	O	O
续	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
商	O	O
讨	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
同	O	O
亚	O	O
当	O	O
斯	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
是	O	O
布	O	O
莱	O	O
尔	O	O
同	O	O
亚	O	O
当	O	O
斯	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
周	O	O
来	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
亲	O	O
英	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
被	O	O
杀	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	O
爱	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
一	O	O
共	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
６	O	O
起	O	O
枪	O	O
杀	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
亲	O	O
英	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
教	O	O
徒	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
首	O	O
府	O	O
贝	B	B
尔	M	M
法	M	M
斯	M	M
特	E	E
郊	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
里	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
持	O	O
枪	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
暗	O	O
杀	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
报	O	O
复	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
仇	O	O
杀	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
刚	O	O
有	O	O
转	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
爱	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
社	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
韦	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
纳	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
能	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
和	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
信	O	O
守	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
法	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
中	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
真	O	O
诚	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
同	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
同	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
与	O	O
白	B	B
俄	M	M
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	O	O
宏	O	O
治	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
在	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
俄	O	O
在	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
想	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
了	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
邦	O	O
交	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
筑	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
关	O	O
本	O	O
忠	O	O
弘	O	O
、	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
论	O	O
坛	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
后	O	O
藤	O	O
田	O	O
正	O	O
晴	O	O
也	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
印	B	B
度	M	M
尼	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
苏	O	O
哈	O	O
托	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
他	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
二	O	O
○	O	O
○	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
三	O	O
月	O	O
上	O	O
旬	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	B
尼	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
将	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
下	O	O
届	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
并	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
大	O	O
纲	O	O
。	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
每	O	O
届	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
为	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
苏	O	O
哈	O	O
托	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
六	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
三	O	O
月	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
就	O	O
任	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
德	O	O
雷	O	O
克	O	O
率	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
『	O	O
三	O	O
驾	O	O
马	O	O
车	O	O
』	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
德	O	O
雷	O	O
克	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
并	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
与	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
三	O	O
驾	O	O
马	O	O
车	O	O
』	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
还	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
和	O	O
卢	B	B
森	M	M
堡	E	E
两	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
最	O	O
近	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
无	O	O
辜	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
『	O	O
三	O	O
驾	O	O
马	O	O
车	O	O
』	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
访	O	O
阿	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
为	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
布	B	B
鲁	M	M
塞	M	M
尔	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
总	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
阿	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
做	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
鲁	O	O
杰	O	O
罗	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
《	O	O
泰	O	O
晤	O	O
士	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
关	O	O
贸	O	O
总	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
关	O	O
贸	O	O
总	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
贸	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O
金	O	O
价	O	O
创	O	O
近	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
默	O	O
里	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
官	O	O
方	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
在	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
抛	O	O
售	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
金	O	O
价	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
荷	B	B
兰	E	E
、	O	O
阿	B	B
根	M	M
廷	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
大	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
价	O	O
已	O	O
跌	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
每	O	O
盎	O	O
司	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
３	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
》	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
与	O	O
《	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
塞	B	B
浦	M	M
路	M	M
斯	E	E
首	O	O
都	O	O
尼	B	O
科	M	O
西	M	O
亚	E	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
刊	O	O
物	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
欧	O	O
佩	O	O
克	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
日	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
刊	O	O
物	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
都	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
欧	O	O
佩	O	O
克	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
限	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
古	O	O
里	O	O
亚	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
压	O	O
缩	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
哥	B	B
伦	M	M
比	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
厄	B	O
瓜	M	O
多	M	O
尔	E	O
和	O	O
阿	B	B
根	M	M
廷	E	E
等	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
也	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
尼	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
弗	O	O
斯	O	O
特	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
波	B	B
士	M	M
顿	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
胚	O	O
胎	O	O
移	O	O
植	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
取	O	O
自	O	O
绵	O	O
羊	O	O
、	O	O
猪	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	O
鼠	O	O
和	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
恒	B	O
河	E	O
猴	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
植	O	O
入	O	O
牛	O	O
的	O	O
卵	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
以	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
胚	O	O
胎	O	O
。	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
跌	O	O
价	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
波	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
行	O	O
情	O	O
低	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
头	O	O
７	O	O
天	O	O
委	B	B
内	M	M
瑞	M	M
拉	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
与	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
桶	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
３	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
跌	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
不	O	O
妙	O	O
，	O	O
跌	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
却	O	O
在	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
吉	O	O
乌	O	O
斯	O	O
蒂	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
日	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
过	O	O
剩	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
雅	B	B
加	M	M
达	E	E
会	O	O
议	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
限	O	O
额	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
生	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
多	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
石	O	O
油	O	O
换	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
将	O	O
在	O	O
二	O	O
三	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
也	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
加	B	B
拉	M	M
加	M	M
斯	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毛	O	O
众	O	O
役	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
梅	B	B
克	M	M
伦	M	M
堡	M	M
州	E	E
的	O	O
罗	B	O
斯	M	O
滕	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
猪	O	O
瘟	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
屠	O	O
宰	O	O
了	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
头	O	O
生	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
约	O	O
合	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
美	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
猪	O	O
瘟	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
石	B	O
荷	M	B
州	E	E
和	O	O
北	B	B
威	M	M
州	E	E
等	O	O
州	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
宰	O	O
杀	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
猪	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
岁	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
食	O	O
物	O	O
过	O	O
敏	O	O
百	O	O
次	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
束	O	O
手	O	O
无	O	O
策	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
给	O	O
克	O	O
莱	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
的	O	O
诺	O	O
丁	O	O
汉	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
儿	O	O
科	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
史	O	O
密	O	O
斯	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
寄	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
于	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
莱	O	O
的	O	O
免	O	O
疫	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
略	O	O
有	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
能	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
帝	O	O
国	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
库	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
举	O	O
重	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
名	O	O
男	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
共	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
５	O	O
项	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
上	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
榜	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
官	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	M
城	O	E
近	O	O
郊	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
所	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
及	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
园	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
名	O	O
小	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
和	O	O
围	O	O
棋	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
分	O	O
设	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
组	O	O
别	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
少	O	O
年	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
棋	O	O
类	O	O
新	O	O
星	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
是	O	O
京	B	B
城	E	E
传	O	O
统	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
志	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
）	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
“	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
乐	O	O
融	O	O
融	O	O
”	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
由	O	O
３	O	O
项	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
３	O	O
项	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
秧	O	O
歌	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
（	O	O
大	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
八	B	B
大	M	M
处	M	M
公	M	M
园	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
桑	O	O
普	O	O
电	O	O
器	O	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
登	O	O
山	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
各	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
项	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
或	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
场	O	O
馆	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
云	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
郎	O	O
平	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
曾	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
本	O	O
应	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
其	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
国	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
和	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
跟	O	O
得	O	O
上	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
她	O	O
和	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
抓	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
有	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
跃	O	O
。	O	O
冰	O	O
冻	O	O
三	O	O
尺	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
之	O	O
寒	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
冰	O	O
消	O	O
雪	O	O
融	O	O
也	O	O
非	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
之	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
愿	O	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
各	O	O
队	O	O
教	O	O
头	O	O
们	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
对	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
线	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
郎	O	O
平	O	O
共	O	O
铸	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
昔	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
被	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
是	O	O
北	B	B
美	E	E
职	O	O
业	O	O
冰	O	O
球	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
的	O	O
伊	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
森	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
穷	O	O
追	O	O
猛	O	O
打	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
波	O	O
士	O	O
顿	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
犯	O	O
有	O	O
诈	O	O
骗	O	O
、	O	O
勒	O	O
索	O	O
和	O	O
挪	O	O
用	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
等	O	O
３	O	O
项	O	O
罪	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
多	O	B
伦	O	M
多	O	E
法	O	O
庭	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
讯	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
伊	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
森	O	O
从	O	O
天	O	O
堂	O	O
跌	O	O
入	O	O
地	O	O
狱	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
莱	O	O
奇	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
对	O	O
衣	O	O
领	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
别	O	O
有	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
最	O	O
高	O	O
勋	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
伊	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
森	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
因	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
而	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
无	O	O
耻	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
咎	O	O
由	O	O
自	O	O
取	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
森	O	O
被	O	O
押	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
河	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
服	O	O
刑	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
曲	O	O
北	O	O
林	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
队	O	O
对	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
员	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
赛	O	O
风	O	O
赛	O	O
纪	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
回	O	O
原	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
役	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
员	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
杜	O	O
绝	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
充	O	O
当	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
角	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
排	O	O
协	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
查	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
了	O	O
张	O	O
翔	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
协	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
城	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
筹	O	O
备	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
：	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
忘	O	O
却	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
《	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
宣	O	O
言	O	O
》	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
华	O	O
水	O	O
发	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
茶	O	O
亭	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
搬	O	O
迁	O	O
至	O	O
福	B	B
建	E	E
武	B	B
平	M	M
坪	M	M
坑	E	E
的	O	O
林	O	O
小	O	O
顺	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
小	B	O
（	M	O
石	M	O
示	M	O
）	M	O
村	E	O
刘	O	O
仲	O	O
昆	O	O
屋	O	O
场	O	O
有	O	O
碍	O	O
他	O	O
家	O	O
祖	O	O
茔	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
，	O	O
怂	O	O
恿	O	O
本	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
欲	O	O
扒	O	O
刘	O	O
仲	O	O
昆	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
屋	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
械	O	O
斗	O	O
迫	O	O
在	O	O
眉	O	O
睫	O	O
。	O	O
华	O	O
水	O	O
发	O	O
闻	O	O
讯	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
间	O	O
茶	O	O
亭	O	O
，	O	O
烫	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
茶	O	O
，	O	O
掏	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
足	O	O
足	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
由	O	O
愚	O	O
昧	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
纷	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
用	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
卖	O	O
山	O	O
苍	O	O
籽	O	O
、	O	O
木	O	O
耳	O	O
、	O	O
香	O	O
菇	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
蓄	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
回	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
册	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
齐	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
茶	O	O
亭	O	O
壁	O	O
橱	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
喝	O	O
茶	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
的	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
永	B	B
隆	E	E
、	O	O
大	B	O
禾	E	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
边	O	O
界	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
乡	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
起	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
华	O	O
水	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
茶	O	O
亭	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
平	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
茶	O	O
亭	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
亭	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
华	O	O
水	O	O
发	O	O
又	O	O
买	O	O
回	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
，	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
百	O	O
事	O	O
通	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
江	B	B
西	E	E
科	O	O
技	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
月	O	O
摆	O	O
上	O	O
壁	O	O
橱	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
茶	O	O
亭	O	O
又	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
亭	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
好	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
教	O	O
出	O	O
好	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
三	O	O
间	O	O
低	O	O
矮	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
木	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
墙	O	O
上	O	O
裂	O	O
缝	O	O
满	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
坑	O	O
坑	O	O
洼	O	O
洼	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
栋	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
眼	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
叫	O	O
罗	O	O
泽	O	O
秀	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
张	O	O
敏	O	O
，	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
于	O	O
西	O	O
安	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
军	O	O
医	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
当	O	O
军	O	O
医	O	O
；	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
张	O	O
罗	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
科	O	O
技	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
攻	O	O
读	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
鄢	B	B
家	M	M
河	M	M
村	E	E
四	O	O
组	O	O
刘	O	O
波	O	O
以	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
宜	B	B
昌	M	M
县	E	E
高	O	O
考	O	O
理	O	O
科	O	O
状	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
清	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
系	O	O
录	O	O
取	O	O
。	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
刘	O	O
波	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
联	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
卢	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
曹	O	O
代	O	O
英	O	O
是	O	O
鄢	O	O
家	O	O
河	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
治	O	O
保	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
鄢	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
从	O	O
重	O	B
庆	O	E
建	O	O
筑	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
鄢	O	O
光	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
葛	O	O
洲	O	O
坝	O	O
水	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
宜	O	O
昌	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
杨	O	O
建	O	O
章	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
齐	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
害	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
或	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
上	O	O
敢	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
齐	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
害	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
或	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
上	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
齐	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
归	O	O
根	O	O
结	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
私	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
决	O	O
裂	O	O
的	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
办	O	O
起	O	O
“	O	O
托	O	O
儿	O	O
所	O	O
”	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
伤	O	O
者	O	O
叫	O	O
张	O	O
悌	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
方	B	O
城	M	O
县	E	O
券	B	B
桥	M	M
乡	E	E
夏	B	B
湾	M	M
村	E	E
，	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
行	O	O
走	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
由	O	O
北	O	O
向	O	O
南	O	O
行	O	O
驶	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
拉	O	O
沙	O	O
车	O	O
撞	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O
伤	O	O
愈	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
悌	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
打	O	O
听	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
救	O	O
命	O	O
恩	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
方	B	O
城	M	O
县	E	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
国	O	O
伟	O	O
。	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
小	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
历	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
湖	B	B
北	M	E
汉	M	B
口	M	M
火	M	M
车	M	M
站	E	E
也	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
（	O	O
见	O	O
图	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
汉	B	B
口	M	M
火	M	M
车	M	M
站	E	E
投	O	O
资	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
掉	O	O
了	O	O
厚	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
墙	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
窗	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
以	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
姿	O	O
态	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
（	O	O
见	O	O
图	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
到	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
和	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
更	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
也	O	O
贴	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
近	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
安	B	B
徽	M	M
省	E	E
泾	B	B
县	E	E
，	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
刘	O	O
志	O	O
祥	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
户	O	O
胡	O	O
忠	O	O
友	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
传	O	O
为	O	O
佳	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
奔	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
志	O	O
祥	O	O
又	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
了	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
在	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
“	O	O
认	O	O
亲	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
户	O	O
过	O	O
冬	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
有	O	O
米	O	O
有	O	O
肉	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
志	O	O
祥	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
胡	O	O
忠	O	O
友	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
志	O	O
祥	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
胡	O	O
忠	O	O
友	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
和	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
从	O	O
口	O	O
袋	O	O
里	O	O
掏	O	O
出	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
递	O	O
给	O	O
胡	O	O
忠	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
快	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
心	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
羊	O	O
圈	O	O
旁	O	O
，	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
羊	O	O
的	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
和	O	O
繁	O	O
殖	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
胡	O	O
忠	O	O
友	O	O
指	O	O
着	O	O
活	O	O
蹦	O	O
乱	O	O
跳	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
羊	O	O
羔	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
母	O	O
羊	O	O
上	O	O
月	O	O
产	O	O
下	O	O
６	O	O
只	O	O
小	O	O
羊	O	O
羔	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
与	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
合	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
趁	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
羊	O	O
肉	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
只	O	O
羊	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
还	O	O
了	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
刘	O	O
志	O	O
祥	O	O
听	O	O
后	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
了	O	O
点	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
年	O	O
近	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
万	O	O
分	O	O
感	O	O
激	O	O
之	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
令	O	O
我	O	O
终	O	O
身	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
从	O	O
合	B	B
肥	E	E
乘	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
次	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
去	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
７	O	O
时	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
和	B	O
平	M	O
车	M	O
站	E	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
身	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
谁	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
耳	O	O
朵	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
顾	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
听	O	O
到	O	O
开	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
铃	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
开	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
才	O	O
发	O	O
觉	O	O
误	O	O
了	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
患	O	O
有	O	O
高	O	O
血	O	O
压	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
和	B	O
平	M	O
车	M	O
站	E	O
距	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
还	O	O
有	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
万	O	O
分	O	O
焦	O	O
急	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
筹	O	O
莫	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
所	O	O
措	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
清	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
后	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
着	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
跟	O	O
我	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
倒	O	O
了	O	O
杯	O	O
开	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
小	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
搬	O	O
来	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
椅	O	O
子	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
坐	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
带	O	O
我	O	O
到	O	O
食	O	O
堂	O	O
吃	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
付	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O
吃	O	O
过	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
又	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
免	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
给	O	O
前	O	O
方	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
前	O	O
方	O	O
站	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
长	O	O
转	O	O
告	O	O
我	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
说	O	O
我	O	O
转	O	O
乘	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
６	O	O
次	O	O
快	O	O
车	O	O
到	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
姓	O	O
彭	O	O
的	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
河	O	O
源	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
已	O	O
中	O	O
午	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
缓	O	O
缓	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
泪	O	O
水	O	O
禁	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
掉	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
没	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
遇	O	O
上	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
好	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
和	B	O
平	M	O
车	M	O
站	E	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
还	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
这	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
及	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
向	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
声	O	O
谢	O	O
谢	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
山	B	O
西	E	O
大	B	O
同	M	O
市	E	O
闻	O	O
诚	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
声	O	O
疾	O	O
呼	O	O
：	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
有	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
中	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
愉	O	O
快	O	O
地	O	O
溜	O	O
走	O	O
！	O	O
要	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
抓	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
抓	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
要	O	O
弄	O	O
清	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
中	O	O
“	O	O
包	O	O
裹	O	O
”	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
了	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
并	O	O
了	O	O
之	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
禁	O	O
吸	O	O
戒	O	O
毒	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
须	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
种	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
性	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
与	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
是	O	O
迫	O	O
于	O	O
毒	O	O
情	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
而	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
性	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
性	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
来	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
性	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
毒	O	O
情	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
前	O	O
功	O	O
尽	O	O
弃	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
毒	O	O
情	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
毒	O	O
情	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
不	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
毒	O	O
情	O	O
如	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
，	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
如	O	O
救	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
稍	O	O
不	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
浙	B	O
江	M	O
省	E	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
则	O	O
成	O	O
倍	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
册	O	O
的	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
者	O	O
为	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
毒	O	O
资	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
毒	O	O
瘾	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
铤	O	O
而	O	O
走	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
案	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
时	O	O
空	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
计	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
疯	O	O
狂	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
将	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
在	O	O
始	O	O
发	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
发	O	O
制	O	O
毒	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
作	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
就	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
兴	O	O
衰	O	O
存	O	O
亡	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
地	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
抓	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
戒	O	O
毒	O	O
所	O	O
与	O	O
劳	O	O
教	O	O
戒	O	O
毒	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
禁	O	O
吸	O	O
戒	O	O
毒	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
办	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
戒	O	O
毒	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
讲	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
再	O	O
有	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
戒	O	O
毒	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
由	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
或	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
对	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
补	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
收	O	O
棉	O	O
并	O	O
用	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
轧	O	O
花	O	O
机	O	O
轧	O	O
花	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
抬	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
棉	O	O
区	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
未	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
小	O	O
轧	O	O
花	O	O
机	O	O
又	O	O
转	O	O
动	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
》	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
仍	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
『	O	O
四	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
不	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
收	O	O
棉	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
被	O	O
挤	O	O
占	O	O
挪	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
轧	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
皮	O	O
棉	O	O
调	O	O
销	O	O
不	O	O
畅	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
回	O	O
笼	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
或	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
等	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
收	O	O
棉	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
还	O	O
变	O	O
相	O	O
『	O	O
打	O	O
白	O	O
条	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
贩	O	O
子	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
乘	O	O
之	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
用	O	O
小	O	O
轧	O	O
花	O	O
机	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
『	O	O
索	O	O
丝	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
棉	O	O
结	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
带	O	O
纤	O	O
维	O	O
籽	O	O
屑	O	O
』	O	O
等	O	O
有	O	O
害	O	O
疵	O	O
点	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
纱	O	O
布	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
江	O	B
西	O	E
九	O	B
江	O	E
日	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
潘	O	O
浔	O	O
）	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
：	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
勘	O	O
验	O	O
和	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
讯	O	O
问	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
裁	O	O
定	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
同	O	O
等	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
次	O	O
要	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
四	O	O
种	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
《	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
应	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
者	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
或	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
车	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
员	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
员	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
垫	O	O
付	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
你	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
述	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
你	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
并	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
由	O	O
你	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
你	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
在	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
你	O	O
追	O	O
偿	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
你	O	O
在	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
未	O	O
写	O	O
明	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
及	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
书	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
你	O	O
与	O	O
伤	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
判	O	O
断	O	O
你	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
不	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
效	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
或	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
反	O	O
悔	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
向	O	O
有	O	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
达	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
或	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
期	O	O
满	O	O
后	O	O
未	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
终	O	O
结	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
版	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
）	O	O
金	B	B
坛	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
在	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
创	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
便	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
扰	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
步	O	O
行	O	O
或	O	O
骑	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
回	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
洗	O	O
浴	O	O
更	O	O
衣	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
乘	O	O
地	O	O
铁	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
免	O	O
穿	O	O
着	O	O
沾	O	O
满	O	O
泥	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
服	O	O
蹭	O	O
脏	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
弄	O	O
脏	O	O
车	O	O
厢	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
区	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
午	O	O
休	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
不	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
搅	O	O
拌	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
卷	O	O
扬	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
塔	O	O
吊	O	O
等	O	O
噪	O	O
音	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
闹	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
好	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
隔	O	O
离	O	O
墙	O	O
，	O	O
配	O	O
备	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
物	O	O
”	O	O
误	O	O
伤	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
危	O	O
房	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
破	O	O
路	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
先	O	O
造	O	O
便	O	O
民	O	O
路	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
断	O	O
水	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
先	O	O
接	O	O
便	O	O
民	O	O
水	O	O
管	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
装	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
灯	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
行	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
饮	O	O
水	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
路	O	O
灯	O	O
照	O	O
明	O	O
上	O	O
尽	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
济	O	O
南	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
驻	O	O
青	B	B
岛	M	M
市	E	E
某	O	O
部	O	O
姚	O	O
锋	O	O
）	O	O
好	O	O
心	O	O
上	O	O
当	O	O
迷	O	O
信	O	O
上	O	O
当	O	O
（	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
锦	O	O
州	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
处	O	O
龙	O	O
太	O	O
新	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
摄	O	O
于	O	O
锦	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
街	O	O
头	O	O
）	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
还	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
版	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
名	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
？	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
河	B	B
南	E	E
鹤	B	B
壁	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
名	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
背	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
篇	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
寄	O	O
给	O	O
小	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
能	O	O
用	O	O
它	O	O
替	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
买	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
轮	O	O
椅	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
好	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
钱	O	O
及	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
激	O	O
万	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
本	O	O
想	O	O
将	O	O
钱	O	O
退	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
苦	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
敢	O	O
贸	O	O
然	O	O
行	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
辜	O	O
负	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
诚	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
按	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
轮	O	O
椅	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
坐	O	O
着	O	O
新	O	O
轮	O	O
椅	O	O
到	O	O
照	O	O
相	O	O
馆	O	O
高	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
照	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
寄	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
。	O	O
寄	O	O
信	O	O
时	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
颇	O	O
费	O	O
心	O	O
思	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
姓	O	O
王	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
确	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
址	O	O
：	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
广	B	B
安	M	M
门	E	E
南	B	B
街	E	E
６	O	O
０	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
索	O	O
性	O	O
在	O	O
信	O	O
封	O	O
上	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
收	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
款	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
寄	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
又	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
封	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
况	O	O
向	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
他	O	O
干	O	O
脆	O	O
写	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
王	O	O
磊	O	O
收	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
间	O	O
已	O	O
快	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
四	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
屋	O	O
里	O	O
暗	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
叫	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
别	O	O
着	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
四	O	O
点	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
儿	O	O
王	O	O
大	O	O
爷	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
果	O	O
然	O	O
四	O	O
点	O	O
过	O	O
五	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
看	O	O
见	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
推	O	O
着	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
车	O	O
进	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
挺	O	O
和	O	O
善	O	O
的	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
讲	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
遍	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
地	O	O
笑	O	O
了	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
算	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
心	O	O
疼	O	O
那	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
翻	O	O
来	O	O
覆	O	O
去	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
善	O	O
言	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
沛	O	O
林	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
所	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
值	O	O
一	O	O
提	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
问	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
做	O	O
过	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
便	O	O
闭	O	O
口	O	O
不	O	O
说	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
连	O	O
修	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
扫	O	O
过	O	O
街	O	O
桥	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
讲	O	O
。	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
或	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
找	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
所	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
或	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
不	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
埋	O	O
怨	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
顾	O	O
全	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
分	O	O
忧	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
情	O	O
操	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
振	O	O
作	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
门	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
冲	O	O
出	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
做	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
及	O	O
边	O	O
远	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
不	O	O
灵	O	O
等	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
处	O	O
施	O	O
展	O	O
才	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
把	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
供	O	O
销	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
转	O	O
让	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
等	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
樊	O	O
文	O	O
立	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
给	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
提	O	O
个	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
忽	O	O
略	O	O
了	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
免	O	O
被	O	O
动	O	O
；	O	O
也	O	O
给	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
提	O	O
个	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
您	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
遵	O	O
纪	O	O
守	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
您	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
纠	O	O
察	O	O
或	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
和	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
采	O	O
播	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
很	O	O
爱	O	O
看	O	O
“	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
之	O	O
友	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
它	O	O
贴	O	O
近	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
贴	O	O
近	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
、	O	O
贴	O	O
近	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
她	O	O
越	O	O
办	O	O
越	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
集	O	O
册	O	O
出	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
于	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
查	O	O
阅	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
河	O	B
南	O	E
许	O	B
昌	O	M
市	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
梁	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
郑	O	O
曦	O	O
卿	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
阅	O	O
览	O	O
室	O	O
。	O	O
阅	O	O
览	O	O
室	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
桂	B	B
庙	E	E
，	O	O
临	O	O
南	B	O
油	E	O
大	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
轻	O	O
体	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
装	O	O
修	O	O
得	O	O
整	O	O
洁	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
架	O	O
上	O	O
摆	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
按	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
等	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
屋	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
排	O	O
书	O	O
架	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
摆	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
和	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
或	O	O
站	O	O
或	O	O
蹲	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
地	O	O
阅	O	O
读	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
借	O	O
阅	O	O
台	O	O
前	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
借	O	O
书	O	O
或	O	O
还	O	O
书	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
。	O	O
深	O	O
圳	O	O
瑞	O	O
兴	O	O
光	O	O
学	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
志	O	O
明	O	O
写	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
了	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
繁	O	O
华	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
辛	O	O
劳	O	O
之	O	O
余	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
看	O	O
书	O	O
读	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
灯	O	O
草	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
人	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
桐	O	O
油	O	O
灯	O	O
盏	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
用	O	O
来	O	O
照	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
用	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
油	O	O
灯	O	O
只	O	O
在	O	O
逢	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
时	O	O
偶	O	O
尔	O	O
用	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
卖	O	O
灯	O	O
草	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
清	O	O
淡	O	O
哟	O	O
！	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
蓉	O	O
蓉	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
其	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
把	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
替	O	O
蓉	O	O
蓉	O	O
拿	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
奶	O	O
喝	O	O
，	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
有	O	O
报	O	O
看	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
场	O	O
气	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
犯	O	O
了	O	O
错	O	O
的	O	O
蓉	O	O
蓉	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
拿	O	O
她	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
到	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
正	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
试	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
只	O	O
管	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
散	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
聊	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
蓉	O	O
蓉	O	O
忘	O	O
了	O	O
拿	O	O
晚	O	O
报	O	O
和	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
蓉	O	O
蓉	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
喝	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
，	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
晚	O	O
报	O	O
读	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
来	O	O
找	O	O
蓉	O	O
蓉	O	O
聊	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
弄	O	O
得	O	O
蓉	O	O
蓉	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
最	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
再	O	O
烦	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
忍	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O
谁	O	O
让	O	O
她	O	O
忘	O	O
了	O	O
拿	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
呢	O	O
！	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
记	O	O
着	O	O
改	O	O
。	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
、	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
对	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
者	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
打	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
想	O	O
靠	O	O
“	O	O
押	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
来	O	O
拴	O	O
心	O	O
留	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
仗	O	O
势	O	O
欺	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
目	O	O
张	O	O
胆	O	O
赖	O	O
账	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
报	O	O
酬	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
克	O	O
扣	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
无	O	O
故	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
用	O	O
人	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
此	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
侵	O	O
犯	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
其	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
报	O	O
酬	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
达	O	O
从	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
从	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
；	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
“	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
；	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
去	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
使	O	O
八	O	O
成	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
宽	O	O
。	O	O
亲	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
也	O	O
试	O	O
一	O	O
试	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
江	O	B
苏	O	M
省	O	E
仪	O	O
征	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
大	O	O
户	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
。	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
边	O	O
十	B	O
二	M	O
圩	M	O
镇	E	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
俩	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
鸭	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
寻	O	O
他	O	O
俩	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
轨	O	O
迹	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
当	O	O
吴	O	O
习	O	O
洲	O	O
津	O	O
津	O	O
乐	O	O
道	O	O
养	O	O
鸭	O	O
经	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
倪	O	O
巧	O	O
银	O	O
细	O	O
细	O	O
描	O	O
述	O	O
鸭	O	O
子	O	O
也	O	O
通	O	O
人	O	O
性	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
俩	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
已	O	O
“	O	O
钻	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
鸭	O	O
群	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
拔	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
安	B	O
丘	E	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
袁	O	O
素	O	O
芹	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
晨	O	O
星	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
清	O	O
洗	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
远	O	O
近	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
袁	O	O
素	O	O
芹	O	O
则	O	O
由	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
清	O	O
洗	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
也	O	O
被	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
为	O	O
县	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
兼	O	O
职	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
总	O	O
支	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
崔	O	O
士	O	O
鑫	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
主	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
厂	O	O
里	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
改	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
区	O	O
市	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
网	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
宁	O	O
城	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
由	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
厂	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
逾	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
年	O	O
创	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
近	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
水	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
深	O	O
里	O	O
做	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
德	O	O
海	O	O
又	O	O
动	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
脑	O	O
筋	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
用	O	O
酒	O	O
糟	O	O
等	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
做	O	O
饲	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
搞	O	O
饲	O	O
料	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
育	O	O
养	O	O
肥	O	O
牛	O	O
。	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
就	O	O
带	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
数	O	O
千	O	O
个	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
创	O	O
收	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
董	O	O
友	O	O
斌	O	O
／	O	O
文	O	O
周	O	O
立	O	O
群	O	O
／	O	O
摄	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
攀	O	O
“	O	O
穷	O	O
亲	O	O
”	O	O
互	O	O
助	O	O
互	O	O
济	O	O
闯	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
对	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
了	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
既	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
又	O	O
扶	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
又	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
造	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
当	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
力	O	O
王	O	O
述	O	O
举	O	O
描	O	O
绘	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
洒	O	O
遍	O	O
山	O	O
城	O	O
在	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
助	O	O
困	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
走	O	O
在	O	O
头	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
桓	B	B
仁	M	M
满	M	M
族	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
县	E	E
北	B	B
甸	M	M
子	M	M
乡	E	E
长	B	B
春	M	M
沟	M	M
村	E	E
，	O	O
是	O	O
远	O	O
近	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
村	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
与	O	O
该	O	O
村	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
出	O	O
谋	O	O
划	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
又	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
磨	O	O
米	O	O
坊	O	O
。	O	O
逢	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
登	O	O
门	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
和	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
精	O	O
粉	O	O
和	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
奖	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
乡	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
分	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
回	O	O
避	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
不	O	O
许	O	O
调	O	O
入	O	O
本	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
票	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
春	O	O
久	O	O
看	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
透	O	O
：	O	O
你	O	O
收	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
就	O	O
管	O	O
你	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
不	O	O
服	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
就	O	O
让	O	O
你	O	O
卧	O	O
倒	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
放	O	O
假	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
春	O	O
久	O	O
都	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
是	O	O
和	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
、	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
团	O	O
聚	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
串	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
溜	O	O
须	O	O
拍	O	O
马	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
坏	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
看	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
留	O	O
个	O	O
坏	O	O
名	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
语	O	O
既	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
还	O	O
敢	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
？	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
调	O	O
入	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
借	O	O
机	O	O
谋	O	O
取	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
调	O	O
进	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
想	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
激	O	O
之	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
被	O	O
想	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
退	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
李	O	O
春	O	O
久	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
拒	O	O
收	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
礼	O	O
金	O	O
５	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
不	O	O
宜	O	O
只	O	O
盯	O	O
着	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
“	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
”	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
题	O	O
名	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
勉	O	O
励	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
不	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
寝	O	O
食	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
宁	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
湘	B	B
西	E	E
山	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
建	O	O
校	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
”	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
饮	O	O
水	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
了	O	O
栖	O	O
居	O	O
山	O	O
洞	O	O
、	O	O
草	O	O
棚	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
脱	O	O
了	O	O
贫	O	O
。	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
袁	O	O
守	O	O
芳	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
情	O	O
操	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
党	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
用	O	O
好	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
干	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
榜	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
曹	O	O
玉	B	O
林	E	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
荣	O	O
典	O	O
）	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
马	O	O
蒂	O	O
厄	O	O
・	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
库	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
贝	O	O
宁	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
同	O	O
贝	O	B
宁	O	E
国	O	O
民	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
贝	O	O
宁	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
阁	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
政	O	O
权	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
贝	B	B
宁	E	E
取	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
次	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
自	O	O
办	O	O
教	O	O
会	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
教	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
；	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
相	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
等	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
傅	O	O
铁	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
团	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
刘	O	O
元	O	O
仁	O	O
等	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
；	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
团	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
章	O	O
程	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
团	O	O
章	O	O
程	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
化	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
去	O	O
年	O	O
入	O	O
冬	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
项	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
水	O	O
库	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
险	O	O
加	O	O
固	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
修	O	O
三	O	O
面	O	O
光	O	O
防	O	O
渗	O	O
水	O	O
渠	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
再	O	O
上	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
化	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
连	B	O
介	E	O
水	O	O
库	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
黄	O	O
均	O	O
雨	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
彩	O	O
排	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
向	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
派	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
颖	O	O
、	O	O
欢	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
《	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
贺	O	O
岁	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
彩	O	O
排	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
光	O	O
明	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
家	O	O
杰	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
蔚	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
异	O	O
彩	O	O
纷	O	O
呈	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
（	O	O
正	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
晚	O	O
８	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
郊	O	O
烟	O	O
花	O	O
爆	O	O
竹	O	O
非	O	O
禁	O	O
放	O	O
区	O	O
施	O	O
放	O	O
礼	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
鞭	O	O
炮	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
之	O	O
光	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
普	O	O
天	O	O
同	O	O
庆	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
欢	O	O
天	O	O
喜	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
将	O	O
腾	O	O
空	O	O
而	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
壮	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
、	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
吉	O	O
祥	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
习	O	O
俗	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
郊	O	O
辟	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
燃	O	O
放	O	O
烟	O	O
花	O	O
爆	O	O
竹	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
旅	O	O
游	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
后	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	M
市	O	E
旅	O	O
游	O	O
委	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
“	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
“	O	O
进	O	O
城	O	O
”	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
两	O	O
条	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
是	O	O
环	O	O
游	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
８	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
锦	O	B
江	O	M
乐	O	M
园	O	E
和	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
动	M	M
物	M	M
园	E	E
沿	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
西	O	O
南	O	O
金	B	B
三	M	M
角	E	E
一	O	O
日	O	O
游	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
游	O	O
遍	O	O
浦	B	B
东	M	M
中	M	M
央	M	M
公	M	M
园	E	E
、	O	O
孙	B	B
桥	M	E
现	M	O
代	M	O
农	M	O
业	M	O
园	M	O
区	E	O
和	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
野	M	M
生	M	M
动	M	M
物	M	M
园	E	E
的	O	O
浦	B	B
东	E	E
金	B	B
三	M	M
角	E	E
旅	O	O
游	O	O
专	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
热	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
费	O	O
在	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
半	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
对	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
米	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
盘	O	O
山	B	O
西	E	O
省	O	O
府	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
舒	O	O
心	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
长	B	B
春	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
亚	O	O
彪	O	O
）	O	O
吉	B	B
林	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
张	O	O
德	O	O
江	O	O
为	O	O
吉	O	O
林	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
桑	O	O
逢	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
树	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
孝	O	O
箴	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
如	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
古	O	O
拉	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
政	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
玉	O	O
堂	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
世	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
永	O	O
德	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
王	O	O
云	O	O
坤	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
哲	O	O
洙	O	O
（	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
魏	O	O
敏	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
淑	O	O
莹	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
庆	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
介	O	O
车	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
蔡	O	O
彰	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
瑶	O	O
）	O	O
浙	B	B
江	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
李	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
斯	O	O
大	O	O
孝	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
友	O	O
余	O	O
、	O	O
孔	O	O
祥	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
志	O	O
纯	O	O
、	O	O
祝	O	O
耀	O	O
祖	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
志	O	O
雄	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
优	O	O
贤	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
柴	O	O
松	O	O
岳	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
鲁	O	O
松	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
文	O	O
舸	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
荣	O	O
宝	O	O
、	O	O
章	O	O
猛	O	O
进	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
江	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
张	O	O
启	O	O
楣	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
？	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
？	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
助	O	O
推	O	O
器	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
测	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
对	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
拉	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
约	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
至	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
正	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
达	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
紧	O	O
缩	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
变	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
势	O	O
必	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
向	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
不	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
趋	O	O
于	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
，	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
很	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
退	O	O
税	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
提	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
抵	O	O
消	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
受	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
司	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
王	O	O
子	O	O
先	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
重	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
面	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
应	O	O
在	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
附	O	O
加	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
降	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
机	O	O
电	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
套	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
使	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
身	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
新	O	O
国	O	O
老	O	O
汉	O	O
斗	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
字	O	O
不	O	O
识	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
话	O	O
来	O	O
蛮	O	O
有	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
穷	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
是	O	O
负	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
闻	O	O
讯	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
支	O	O
书	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
哪	O	O
个	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
肯	O	O
往	O	O
穷	O	O
窝	O	O
里	O	O
钻	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
村	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
留	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
村	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
不	O	O
进	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
棍	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
在	O	O
俺	O	O
村	O	O
教	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
办	O	O
教	O	O
员	O	O
也	O	O
娶	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
媳	O	O
妇	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
浇	O	O
树	O	O
浇	O	O
根	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
壮	O	O
苗	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
过	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
老	O	O
汉	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
没	O	O
少	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
俺	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
钱	O	O
、	O	O
粮	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
给	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
给	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
光	O	O
又	O	O
没	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
粮	O	O
，	O	O
吃	O	O
完	O	O
又	O	O
饿	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
依	O	O
旧	O	O
是	O	O
穷	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
兴	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
号	O	O
准	O	O
了	O	O
俺	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
脉	O	O
，	O	O
俺	O	O
村	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
被	O	O
干	O	O
旱	O	O
困	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
了	O	O
困	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
个	O	O
儿	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
俺	O	O
的	O	O
吃	O	O
穿	O	O
发	O	O
愁	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
施	O	O
明	O	O
慎	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
戴	O	O
相	O	O
龙	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
限	O	O
额	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
投	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
性	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
是	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
多	O	O
出	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
借	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
、	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
或	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
要	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
电	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
在	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
王	O	O
生	O	O
铁	O	O
等	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
黄	B	B
冈	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
对	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O
省	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
戴	O	O
伞	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
《	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
》	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
固	O	O
体	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
“	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
三	O	O
江	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
找	O	O
矿	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	O
钦	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
铜	O	O
矿	O	O
、	O	O
四	B	B
川	M	E
夏	M	B
塞	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
银	O	O
多	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
矿	O	O
、	O	O
云	B	B
南	M	M
兰	M	M
坪	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
铅	O	O
锌	O	O
银	O	O
铜	O	O
多	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
矿	O	O
、	O	O
澜	B	O
沧	M	O
江	E	O
中	O	O
南	O	O
段	O	O
铜	O	O
金	O	O
矿	O	O
已	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
矿	O	O
床	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
西	B	O
安	M	O
市	E	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
西	B	B
安	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
六	O	O
项	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
等	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
船	O	O
舶	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
套	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
讯	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
容	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
汇	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
电	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
好	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
把	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
以	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
卖	O	O
方	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
买	O	O
方	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
、	O	O
福	O	O
费	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
援	O	O
外	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
和	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
等	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
、	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
建	O	O
厂	O	O
设	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
；	O	O
五	O	O
、	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
援	O	O
外	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
援	O	O
外	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
；	O	O
六	O	O
、	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
介	O	O
入	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
等	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
转	O	O
贷	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
进	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
对	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冉	O	O
永	O	O
平	O	O
从	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
部	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
身	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
也	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
好	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
、	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
地	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
八	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
电	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
陆	O	O
延	O	O
昌	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
各	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
要	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
人	O	O
身	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
“	O	O
零	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
零	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
要	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
同	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
搞	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
办	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
班	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
疾	O	O
苦	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
送	O	O
进	O	O
万	O	O
家	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
学	O	O
双	O	O
比	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
将	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
养	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
以	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
完	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
没	O	O
多	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
湖	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
黄	B	B
石	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
分	O	O
兵	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
吴	O	O
华	O	O
品	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
冒	O	O
雨	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
造	O	O
船	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
将	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
金	O	O
塞	O	O
到	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
迫	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
待	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
去	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
未	O	O
等	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
请	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
已	O	O
一	O	O
脚	O	O
踏	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
门	O	O
槛	O	O
。	O	O
趟	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
洼	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
便	O	O
民	O	O
『	O	O
指	O	O
路	O	O
卡	O	O
』	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
平	B	O
顶	M	O
山	E	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
记	O	O
事	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
指	O	O
路	O	O
卡	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
处	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
评	O	O
警	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
全	O	O
队	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
的	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
编	O	O
号	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
平	B	O
顶	M	O
山	E	O
晚	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
上	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
警	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
评	O	O
出	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
评	O	O
警	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
尚	O	O
属	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
异	O	O
地	O	O
联	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
王	O	O
启	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
“	O	O
铁	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
湖	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
除	O	O
了	O	O
转	O	O
发	O	O
转	O	O
播	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
王	O	O
启	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
采	O	O
写	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
与	O	O
大	B	B
庆	E	E
联	O	O
手	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
学	O	O
王	O	O
启	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
书	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
赤	O	O
峰	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
石	O	O
梅	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
厚	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
一	O	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
天	O	O
安	O	O
门	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
护	O	O
卫	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
守	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
身	O	O
着	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
乌	B	O
兰	M	O
牧	M	O
旗	E	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
兴	O	O
发	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
特	O	O
制	O	O
长	O	O
６	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
宽	O	O
２	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
签	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
洁	O	O
白	O	O
哈	O	O
达	O	O
及	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
品	O	O
敬	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
卫	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
于	O	O
永	O	O
波	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
就	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
、	O	O
优	O	O
抚	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
兵	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
四	O	O
所	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
防	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
下	O	O
殊	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
零	O	O
四	O	O
项	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
级	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
奖	O	O
、	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
项	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
荣	O	O
典	O	O
）	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
樱	O	O
内	O	O
义	O	O
雄	O	O
为	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
贸	O	O
促	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
俞	O	O
晓	O	O
松	O	O
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
佐	O	O
藤	O	O
嘉	O	O
恭	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
荣	O	O
毅	O	O
仁	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
之	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
建	O	O
良	O	O
原	O	O
名	O	O
华	O	O
克	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
宝	B	O
应	E	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
建	O	O
良	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
受	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
德	O	O
总	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
派	O	O
遣	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
廖	O	O
承	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
汉	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
从	O	O
事	O	O
我	O	O
党	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
联	O	O
络	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
入	O	O
死	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
艰	O	O
险	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
嘉	O	O
奖	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
在	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
二	O	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
听	O	O
从	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
过	O	O
硬	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
严	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
再	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
《	O	O
讽	O	O
刺	O	O
与	O	O
幽	O	O
默	O	O
》	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
部	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
邀	O	O
集	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
漫	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
君	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
丁	O	O
聪	O	O
、	O	O
韦	O	O
启	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
滨	O	O
声	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
韦	O	O
、	O	O
英	O	O
韬	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
帆	O	O
、	O	O
苗	O	O
地	O	O
及	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
漫	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
森	O	O
哲	O	O
郎	O	O
等	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
辞	O	O
旧	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
漫	O	O
画	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
漫	O	O
画	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
与	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
地	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
起	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
、	O	O
鞭	O	O
挞	O	O
丑	O	O
恶	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
最	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
黄	O	O
埔	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
里	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
『	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
』	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
石	O	O
风	O	O
科	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
送	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
国	O	O
琦	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
程	O	O
维	O	O
高	O	O
从	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
视	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
越	O	O
冬	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	M	M
市	E	E
市	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
宝	O	O
义	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
筹	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
地	O	O
制	O	O
宜	O	O
地	O	O
谋	O	O
划	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
张	B	B
北	M	M
县	E	E
县	O	O
长	O	O
唐	O	O
树	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
尚	B	B
义	M	M
县	E	E
县	O	O
长	O	O
申	O	O
兰	O	O
旺	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
要	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
抓	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
抓	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
包	O	O
乡	O	O
包	O	O
村	O	O
包	O	O
户	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
许	O	O
广	O	O
平	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
》	O	O
辑	O	O
录	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
广	O	O
平	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
是	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
文	O	O
《	O	O
遭	O	O
难	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
被	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
驻	O	O
沪	O	O
宪	O	O
兵	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
部	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
囚	O	O
于	O	O
狱	O	O
中	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
。	O	O
书	O	O
信	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
刊	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
广	O	O
平	O	O
致	O	O
鲁	O	O
瑞	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
安	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
适	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
信	O	O
函	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
广	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
前	O	O
好	O	O
友	O	O
雷	O	O
洁	O	O
琼	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
朴	O	O
初	O	O
等	O	O
为	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
题	O	O
了	O	O
词	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
尹	O	O
鸿	O	O
祝	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
温	O	O
红	O	O
彦	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
好	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
部	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	M
剧	M	M
院	E	E
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
条	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
铁	O	O
钢	O	O
）	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	M
特	M	M
别	M	M
行	M	M
政	M	M
区	E	E
行	O	O
政	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
董	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
半	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
极	O	O
富	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
构	O	O
想	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
库	O	O
克	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
对	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
港	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
馆	O	O
员	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
欢	O	O
庆	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
盼	O	O
团	O	O
圆	O	O
、	O	O
求	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
拳	O	O
拳	O	O
之	O	O
心	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
殷	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
阻	O	O
挡	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
炎	O	O
黄	O	O
子	O	O
孙	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
滑	B	B
石	M	M
片	M	M
战	M	M
斗	M	M
纪	M	M
念	M	M
馆	E	E
在	O	O
五	B	B
台	M	M
县	E	E
落	O	O
成	O	O
王	O	O
光	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
铁	O	O
木	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
达	O	O
瓦	O	O
买	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
宣	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
署	O	O
和	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
波	B	B
兰	E	E
、	O	O
阿	B	B
根	M	M
廷	E	E
、	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
共	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
谊	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
黎	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
民	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
民	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
民	O	O
宗	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
王	O	O
光	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
思	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
布	O	O
赫	O	O
、	O	O
铁	O	O
木	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
达	O	O
瓦	O	O
买	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
民	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
司	O	O
马	O	O
义	O	O
・	O	O
艾	O	O
买	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	O	O
沛	O	O
・	O	O
阿	O	O
旺	O	O
晋	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
赛	O	O
福	O	O
鼎	O	O
・	O	O
艾	O	O
则	O	O
孜	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
业	O	O
将	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
性	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
个	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
或	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
于	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
；	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
出	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
家	O	O
年	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
亿	O	O
或	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
亿	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
署	O	O
直	O	O
属	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
论	O	O
证	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
起	O	O
草	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
将	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
要	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
农	O	O
校	O	O
来	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
邯	O	O
郸	O	O
农	O	O
专	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
助	O	O
力	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
邯	O	O
郸	O	O
农	O	O
专	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
局	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
冀	B	B
南	E	E
，	O	O
豫	B	B
北	E	E
、	O	O
鲁	B	O
西	E	O
、	O	O
晋	B	B
东	M	M
南	E	M
广	O	M
大	O	M
地	O	M
区	O	E
都	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
邯	O	O
农	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
真	O	O
挚	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
赖	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
要	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
校	O	O
来	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
贺	O	O
文	O	O
）	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
“	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
追	O	O
星	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
崇	O	O
尚	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
独	O	O
生	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
等	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
吃	O	O
苦	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
私	O	O
、	O	O
骄	O	O
横	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
小	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
毅	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
好	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
新	O	O
苗	O	O
。	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
已	O	O
放	O	O
寒	O	O
假	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
来	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
做	O	O
这	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
以	O	O
居	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
、	O	O
入	O	O
户	O	O
巡	O	O
诊	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
居	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
郊	O	O
区	O	O
村	O	O
组	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
派	O	O
高	O	O
年	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
职	O	O
称	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
进	O	O
驻	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
坐	O	O
诊	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
『	O	O
慢	O	O
病	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
』	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
适	O	O
宜	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
『	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
』	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
与	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
亲	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
济	O	O
南	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
驻	O	O
豫	O	O
某	O	O
分	O	O
部	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
６	O	O
支	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
偏	O	O
远	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
敬	O	O
老	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
诊	O	O
治	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
为	O	O
焦	O	O
作	O	O
市	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
院	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
诊	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
镜	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
黄	O	O
守	O	O
部	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
《	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
准	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
迈	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
化	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
为	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
地	O	O
图	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
测	O	O
量	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
局	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
暂	O	O
行	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
共	O	O
计	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
由	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
、	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
明	O	O
方	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
商	O	O
用	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
圳	O	O
市	O	O
华	O	O
为	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
又	O	O
传	O	O
佳	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
型	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
时	O	O
钟	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
网	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
总	O	O
局	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
定	O	O
型	O	O
及	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
局	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
填	O	O
补	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
白	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
网	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
由	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
彩	O	O
墨	O	O
传	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
海	O	O
聚	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
高	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
华	O	O
侨	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
轮	O	O
椅	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
醉	O	O
心	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
林	O	O
耀	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
是	O	O
维	O	O
系	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
使	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
更	O	O
看	O	O
重	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
此	O	O
来	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
漂	O	O
泊	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
对	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O
菊	O	O
苣	O	O
为	O	O
餐	O	O
桌	O	O
添	O	O
新	O	O
菜	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
龙	B	B
潭	E	E
庙	O	O
会	O	O
韵	O	O
味	O	O
浓	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
北	B	O
京	E	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
龙	B	B
潭	E	E
庙	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
品	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
青	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
吉	B	B
林	E	E
、	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
、	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
等	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
团	O	O
精	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
档	O	O
花	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
队	O	O
来	O	O
京	O	O
献	O	O
艺	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
民	O	O
间	O	O
花	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
队	O	O
与	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
共	O	O
度	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
鲍	O	O
玉	O	O
慧	O	O
）	O	O
莫	O	B
斯	O	M
科	O	E
华	O	O
人	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
白	O	O
嗣	O	O
宏	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
中	O	O
俄	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
在	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
和	O	O
欣	O	O
慰	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
俄	B	B
国	E	E
来	O	O
宾	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
座	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
位	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
国	E	E
汉	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
英	O	O
泰	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
俄	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
俄	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
卓	O	O
越	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
杜	O	O
马	O	O
舍	O	O
夫	O	O
是	O	O
俄	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
曲	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
给	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
集	O	O
，	O	O
名	O	O
叫	O	O
《	O	O
中	O	O
苏	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
之	O	O
歌	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
计	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
首	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
歌	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
曲	O	O
子	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
他	O	O
谱	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
秋	O	O
里	O	O
等	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
得	O	O
意	O	O
门	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
杜	O	O
马	O	O
舍	O	O
夫	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
珍	O	O
藏	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
苏	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
勋	O	O
章	O	O
骄	O	O
傲	O	O
地	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
授	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
旁	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
托	O	O
罗	O	O
普	O	O
采	O	O
夫	O	O
也	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
勋	O	O
章	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
周	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
授	O	O
勋	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
托	O	O
罗	O	O
普	O	O
采	O	O
夫	O	O
是	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
电	O	O
影	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
著	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
电	O	O
影	O	O
史	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
电	O	O
影	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
著	O	O
。	O	O
托	O	O
罗	O	O
普	O	O
采	O	O
夫	O	O
讲	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
流	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
写	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
漂	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
留	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
敦	O	O
促	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
从	O	O
约	B	B
旦	M	M
河	E	E
西	O	O
岸	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
挽	O	O
救	O	O
陷	O	O
于	O	O
瘫	O	O
痪	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
内	O	B
塔	O	M
尼	O	M
亚	O	M
胡	O	E
没	O	O
有	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
方	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
果	O	O
永	O	O
毅	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
巴	O	O
勒	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
短	O	O
暂	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
晨	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
会	O	O
晤	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
。	O	O
塔	O	O
拉	O	O
索	O	O
夫	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
并	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
巴	O	O
勒	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
时	O	O
作	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
：	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
凸	O	O
显	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
从	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
亦	O	O
炙	O	O
手	O	O
可	O	O
热	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
拥	O	O
有	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
探	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
桶	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
次	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
东	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
；	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
土	B	B
库	M	M
曼	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
已	O	O
探	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
就	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
总	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
还	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
钨	O	O
、	O	O
铬	O	O
、	O	O
铀	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
色	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
和	O	O
稀	O	O
有	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
矿	O	O
藏	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
产	O	O
棉	O	O
区	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
亚	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
作	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
为	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
且	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
迹	O	O
象	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
五	O	O
国	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
正	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
上	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
同	O	O
伊	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
阿	O	O
齐	O	O
兹	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
就	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
导	O	O
弹	O	O
弹	O	O
头	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
）	O	O
向	O	O
阿	O	O
齐	O	O
兹	O	O
（	O	O
左	O	O
）	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
助	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
社	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谢	O	O
美	O	O
华	O	O
）	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
埃	O	O
克	O	O
哈	O	O
德	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
同	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
阿	O	O
齐	O	O
兹	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
就	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
导	O	O
弹	O	O
弹	O	O
头	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
巴	B	B
格	M	M
达	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
顾	O	O
正	O	O
龙	O	O
）	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
萨	O	O
达	O	O
姆	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
获	O	O
释	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
约	B	B
旦	E	E
囚	O	O
犯	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
分	O	O
乘	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
辆	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
巴	B	B
格	M	M
达	E	E
回	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
又	O	O
讯	O	O
据	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
《	O	O
每	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
》	O	O
报	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
普	O	O
里	O	O
马	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
在	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
北	O	O
部	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
吕	B	B
勒	M	M
奥	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
巴	B	B
伦	M	M
支	M	M
海	E	E
―	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
―	O	O
北	B	B
冰	M	M
洋	E	E
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
和	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
副	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
塔	O	O
尔	O	O
博	O	O
特	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
了	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
还	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
努	O	O
奔	O	O
和	O	O
帕	O	O
巴	O	O
蓬	O	O
・	O	O
诗	O	O
里	O	O
巴	O	O
尼	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
在	O	O
押	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
获	O	O
取	O	O
保	O	O
释	O	O
。	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
与	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
对	O	O
话	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
德	O	O
雷	O	O
克	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
与	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
互	O	O
访	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
国	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
阿	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
阿	O	O
塔	O	O
夫	O	O
访	O	O
英	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
塔	O	O
夫	O	O
已	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
。	O	O
蒙	B	O
古	E	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
黎	B	B
巴	M	M
嫩	E	E
盗	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
激	O	O
增	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
盗	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
宝	O	O
马	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
奔	O	O
驰	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
居	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
盗	O	O
贼	O	O
得	O	O
手	O	O
后	O	O
多	O	O
将	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
到	O	O
邻	O	O
国	O	O
倒	O	O
卖	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
黎	B	B
巴	M	M
嫩	E	E
的	O	O
盗	O	O
车	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
仍	O	O
呈	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
盗	O	O
车	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
亦	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
为	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
马	B	B
那	M	M
瓜	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
喻	O	O
广	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
萨	O	O
尔	O	O
瓦	O	O
多	O	O
法	O	O
拉	O	O
本	O	O
多	O	O
・	O	O
马	O	O
蒂	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
阵	O	O
线	O	O
、	O	O
危	O	O
地	O	O
马	O	O
拉	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
和	O	O
尼	O	B
加	O	M
拉	O	M
瓜	O	E
桑	O	O
地	O	O
诺	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
阵	O	O
线	O	O
等	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
左	O	O
派	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
对	O	O
古	B	B
巴	E	E
实	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
封	O	O
锁	O	O
。	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
古	B	B
巴	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
封	O	O
锁	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
侵	O	O
犯	O	O
了	O	O
古	B	O
巴	E	O
民	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
捷	B	B
克	E	E
参	O	O
众	O	O
两	O	O
院	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
布	B	B
拉	M	M
格	M	M
宫	E	E
就	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
下	O	O
届	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
联	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
以	O	O
不	O	O
记	O	O
名	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
现	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
哈	O	O
韦	O	O
尔	O	O
、	O	O
捷	B	B
克	E	E
―	O	O
摩	B	B
拉	M	M
维	M	M
亚	E	E
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
斯	O	O
・	O	O
费	O	O
舍	O	O
尔	O	O
和	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
米	O	O
・	O	O
斯	O	O
拉	O	O
德	O	O
克	O	O
均	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
轮	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
韦	O	O
尔	O	O
以	O	O
微	O	O
弱	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
蝉	O	O
联	O	O
捷	B	B
克	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
六	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
斯	B	B
德	M	M
哥	M	M
尔	M	M
摩	E	M
城	O	E
里	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
。	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
之	O	O
都	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
揭	O	O
开	O	O
序	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
午	O	O
时	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
着	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
处	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
王	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
涌	O	O
去	O	O
：	O	O
头	O	O
发	O	O
花	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
搀	O	O
扶	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
则	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
兴	O	O
高	O	O
采	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
龙	O	O
永	O	O
图	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
是	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
快	O	O
于	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
已	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
从	O	O
本	O	O
土	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
正	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
再	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
收	O	O
支	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
来	O	O
衡	O	O
量	O	O
国	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
已	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
美	O	O
方	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
将	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
非	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
准	O	O
入	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
从	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
也	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
美	O	O
方	O	O
放	O	O
宽	O	O
对	O	O
华	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
以	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
拉	O	O
莫	O	O
斯	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
据	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
以	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
减	O	O
税	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
拉	O	O
莫	O	O
斯	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
使	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
坚	O	O
信	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
雅	B	B
加	M	M
达	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
曾	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
时	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
至	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
者	O	O
号	O	O
载	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
种	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
仪	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
中	O	O
子	O	O
光	O	O
谱	O	O
仪	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
探	O	O
查	O	O
月	O	O
面	O	O
冰	O	O
湖	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
仪	O	O
器	O	O
对	O	O
氢	O	O
很	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
拟	O	O
用	O	O
它	O	O
追	O	O
踪	O	O
月	O	O
面	O	O
过	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
氢	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
水	O	O
冰	O	O
。	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
器	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
距	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
极	O	O
地	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
飞	O	O
临	O	O
月	O	O
球	O	O
两	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
它	O	O
所	O	O
带	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
用	O	O
尽	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
坠	O	O
落	O	O
至	O	O
月	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
已	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
六	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
的	O	O
印	B	O
度	E	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
在	O	O
孟	B	O
买	E	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
笑	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
齐	O	O
声	O	O
大	O	O
笑	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
社	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
日	B	B
内	M	M
瓦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
维	O	O
斌	O	O
）	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
总	O	O
干	O	O
事	O	O
中	O	O
岛	O	O
宏	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
位	O	O
名	O	O
叫	O	O
理	O	O
查	O	O
德	O	O
・	O	O
锡	O	O
德	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
人	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
官	O	O
方	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
都	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毛	O	O
磊	O	O
）	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
最	O	O
近	O	O
出	O	O
土	O	O
了	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
化	O	O
石	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
古	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
罗	B	B
马	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
新	O	O
《	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
生	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
扬	O	O
・	O	O
布	O	O
鲁	O	O
克	O	O
内	O	O
尔	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
雇	O	O
主	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
为	O	O
雇	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
上	O	O
交	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
同	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
签	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
的	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
布	B	B
加	M	M
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
特	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	O	O
红	O	O
）	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
走	O	O
钢	O	O
丝	O	O
绝	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
新	B	B
疆	E	E
“	O	O
达	O	O
瓦	O	O
孜	O	O
”	O	O
传	O	O
人	O	O
阿	O	O
地	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
钢	O	O
丝	O	O
上	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
试	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
约	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
像	O	O
伊	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
森	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
能	O	O
翻	O	O
云	O	O
覆	O	O
雨	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
庸	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
冰	O	O
球	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
连	O	O
串	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
：	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
与	O	O
前	O	O
苏	B	B
联	E	E
冰	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
由	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
促	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冰	O	O
球	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
策	O	O
划	O	O
下	O	O
而	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
渥	B	B
太	M	M
华	E	E
电	O	O
）	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
张	O	O
勇	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
吴	O	O
庆	O	O
龙	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
都	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
篮	O	O
板	O	O
球	O	O
是	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
场	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
队	O	O
抢	O	O
得	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
篮	O	O
板	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
辽	O	O
宁	O	O
队	O	O
抢	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
劣	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
了	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
久	O	O
负	O	O
盛	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
香	O	B
港	O	E
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
邓	O	O
乐	O	O
勤	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
飘	O	O
扬	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
令	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
平	O	O
添	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
众	O	O
所	O	O
周	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
开	O	O
展	O	O
得	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
天	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
分	O	O
组	O	O
抽	O	O
签	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
同	O	O
前	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
西	O	O
萨	O	O
摩	O	O
亚	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
强	O	O
队	O	O
汤	O	O
加	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
摩	O	O
洛	O	O
哥	O	O
队	O	O
分	O	O
在	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
球	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
倒	O	O
以	O	O
平	O	O
常	O	O
心	O	O
待	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
踏	O	O
足	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
抱	O	O
着	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
借	O	O
此	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
竭	O	O
尽	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
风	O	O
貌	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
短	O	O
池	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
赛	O	O
首	O	O
站	O	O
揭	O	O
幕	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
两	O	O
金	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
短	O	O
池	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
泳	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
波	O	O
波	O	O
夫	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
池	O	O
中	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
著	O	O
名	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
科	O	O
利	O	O
姆	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
秒	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
；	O	O
克	O	O
利	O	O
姆	O	O
以	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
秒	O	O
之	O	O
差	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
四	O	O
国	O	O
女	O	O
足	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
轮	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
支	O	O
北	B	O
欧	E	O
劲	O	O
旅	O	O
相	O	O
碰	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
挪	O	O
威	O	O
队	O	O
以	O	O
２	O	O
∶	O	O
１	O	O
小	O	O
胜	O	O
近	O	O
邻	O	O
瑞	O	O
典	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
稍	O	O
后	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
之	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
互	O	O
交	O	O
白	O	O
卷	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
两	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
锋	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
胜	O	O
８	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
胜	O	O
４	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
踢	O	O
平	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
赵	O	O
劲	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
连	O	O
万	O	O
达	O	O
队	O	O
已	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
备	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
过	O	O
后	O	O
便	O	O
赴	O	O
宁	B	B
波	E	E
。	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
由	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
体	O	O
育	O	O
报	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
正	O	O
谱	O	O
一	O	O
曲	O	O
中	O	O
非	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
新	O	O
篇	O	O
章	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
农	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
庄	O	O
稼	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
望	O	O
无	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
田	O	O
平	O	O
整	O	O
如	O	O
镜	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
整	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
栽	O	O
插	O	O
的	O	O
秧	O	O
苗	O	O
葱	O	O
绿	O	O
茁	O	O
壮	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
和	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
的	O	O
水	O	O
田	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
区	O	O
别	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
田	O	O
头	O	O
除	O	O
草	O	O
喷	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
兴	O	O
致	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
赴	O	O
几	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
场	O	O
已	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
缺	O	O
肥	O	O
少	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
鸟	O	O
害	O	O
猖	O	O
獗	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
亩	O	O
产	O	O
仍	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
每	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
田	O	O
块	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
季	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
实	O	O
产	O	O
将	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
养	O	O
鸡	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
碾	O	O
米	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
饲	O	O
料	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
库	O	O
网	O	O
箱	O	O
养	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
季	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
试	O	O
种	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
几	B	B
内	M	M
亚	E	E
引	O	O
起	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
几	B	B
内	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
孔	O	O
戴	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
曾	O	O
３	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
科	B	B
巴	M	M
农	M	M
场	E	E
视	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
几	B	B
内	M	M
亚	E	E
人	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
当	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
仅	O	O
劳	O	O
务	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
就	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
场	O	O
还	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
，	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
农	O	O
机	O	O
手	O	O
和	O	O
修	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
几	B	B
内	M	M
亚	E	E
赢	O	O
得	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
声	O	O
誉	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
使	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
到	O	O
科	B	B
巴	M	M
农	M	M
场	E	E
参	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
虽	O	O
不	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
却	O	O
已	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
中	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
尊	O	O
敬	O	O
。	O	O
纪	O	O
万	O	O
新	O	O
刘	O	O
文	O	O
建	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
材	O	O
宝	O	O
藏	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
给	O	O
灵	B	B
寿	E	E
人	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
。	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
灵	B	B
寿	E	E
的	O	O
石	O	O
材	O	O
业	O	O
仍	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
空	O	O
白	O	O
，	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
线	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
石	O	O
材	O	O
调	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
订	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
灵	O	O
寿	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
为	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
上	O	O
搞	O	O
开	O	O
采	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
下	O	O
搞	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
外	O	O
找	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
材	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
巨	O	O
龙	O	O
腾	O	O
飞	O	O
找	O	O
准	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
口	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
瓶	O	O
颈	O	O
”	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
已	O	O
势	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
地	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
壮	O	O
大	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
等	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
到	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
方	O	O
略	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
促	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
折	O	O
不	O	O
扣	O	O
地	O	O
将	O	O
该	O	O
下	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
项	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
下	O	O
放	O	O
到	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
只	O	O
管	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
抓	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
连	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
管	O	O
照	O	O
章	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
了	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
长	O	O
江	O	O
黄	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
堤	O	O
武	B	O
穴	E	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
固	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
需	O	O
土	O	O
方	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
“	O	O
吃	O	O
”	O	O
掉	O	O
沿	O	O
线	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
亩	O	O
良	O	O
田	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
浙	B	O
江	E	O
黄	B	O
岩	E	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
桔	O	O
园	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
柑	O	O
桔	O	O
省	O	O
力	O	O
化	O	O
栽	O	O
培	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
节	O	O
支	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
社	O	O
与	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
“	O	O
脱	O	O
钩	O	O
”	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
金	O	O
体	O	O
改	O	O
办	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
社	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
社	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
包	O	O
户	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
『	O	O
扶	O	O
』	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
包	O	O
扶	O	O
”	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
动	O	O
脑	O	O
筋	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
想	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
颜	O	O
旭	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
加	O	O
盟	O	O
江	O	B
苏	O	E
三	O	O
毛	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
三	O	O
星	O	O
级	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
三	B	O
毛	M	O
大	M	O
厦	E	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
结	O	O
婚	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
在	O	O
三	B	B
毛	M	M
大	M	M
厦	E	E
购	O	O
好	O	O
机	O	O
票	O	O
飞	O	O
赴	O	O
贵	B	B
阳	E	E
，	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
办	O	O
完	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
飞	O	O
回	O	O
三	O	O
毛	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
厦	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
天	O	O
假	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
七	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
从	B	B
化	M	M
市	E	E
对	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
总	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
七	O	O
大	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
灌	O	O
溉	O	O
渠	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
潘	O	O
家	O	O
珉	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
刘	O	O
占	O	O
锋	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
而	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
和	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
抵	O	O
制	O	O
了	O	O
抛	O	O
弃	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
；	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
找	O	O
出	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
以	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
上	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
对	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
税	O	O
种	O	O
税	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
适	O	O
时	O	O
适	O	O
度	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
刚	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
税	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
税	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
与	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
别	O	O
税	O	O
率	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
应	O	O
以	O	O
税	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
性	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
税	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
取	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
域	O	O
特	O	O
性	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
以	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
倾	O	O
斜	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
税	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
的	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
由	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
都	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
帝	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
和	O	O
压	O	O
迫	O	O
，	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
被	O	O
压	O	O
迫	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
反	O	O
帝	O	O
反	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
充	O	O
当	O	O
了	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
大	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
在	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
同	O	O
甘	O	O
共	O	O
苦	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
翻	O	O
身	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
优	O	O
越	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
州	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
县	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乡	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
州	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
县	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乡	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
州	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
建	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乡	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
大	O	O
聚	O	O
居	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
到	O	O
小	O	O
聚	O	O
居	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
都	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
千	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
饱	O	O
受	O	O
欺	O	O
凌	O	O
的	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
堂	O	O
堂	O	O
正	O	O
正	O	O
地	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
里	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
遵	O	O
循	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
对	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
与	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
在	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
企	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
同	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
求	O	O
得	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
大	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
万	O	O
紫	O	O
千	O	O
红	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
朵	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
点	O	O
缀	O	O
成	O	O
绚	O	O
丽	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
大	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
就	O	O
兴	O	O
盛	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
就	O	O
衰	O	O
败	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
要	O	O
多	O	O
讲	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
讲	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
牺	O	O
牲	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
对	O	O
口	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
边	O	O
疆	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
长	O	O
短	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
高	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
要	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
珍	O	O
惜	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
密	O	O
情	O	O
谊	O	O
。	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
占	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
响	O	O
应	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
边	O	O
疆	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
密	O	O
无	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
双	O	O
休	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
闲	O	O
暇	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
双	O	O
休	O	O
日	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
门	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
青	B	B
岛	E	E
人	O	O
在	O	O
双	O	O
休	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
了	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
日	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
平	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
亮	O	O
丽	O	O
而	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
到	O	O
周	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
青	B	B
岛	E	E
晚	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
周	O	O
日	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
如	O	O
约	O	O
与	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
下	O	O
次	O	O
“	O	O
周	O	O
日	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
植	O	O
树	O	O
、	O	O
护	O	O
树	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
崂	B	O
山	M	O
区	E	O
中	B	B
韩	M	M
镇	E	E
牟	B	B
家	M	M
村	E	E
西	B	B
山	E	E
一	O	O
改	O	O
往	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
宁	O	O
静	O	O
。	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
挥	O	O
锨	O	O
铲	O	O
土	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
西	B	B
山	E	E
披	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
绿	O	O
装	O	O
。	O	O
刚	O	O
满	O	O
两	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
李	O	O
浩	O	O
翔	O	O
在	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
的	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
下	O	O
给	O	O
小	O	O
树	O	O
苗	O	O
填	O	O
土	O	O
、	O	O
浇	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
得	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
起	O	O
劲	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
最	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
家	O	O
住	O	O
延	B	O
吉	M	O
路	E	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
慧	O	O
明	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
三	O	O
口	O	O
都	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
亲	O	O
手	O	O
种	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
树	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
我	O	O
会	O	O
抽	O	O
空	O	O
儿	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
盼	O	O
着	O	O
小	O	O
树	O	O
能	O	O
长	O	O
得	O	O
跟	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
壮	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
火	O	O
热	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
依	O	O
旧	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
青	B	B
岛	E	E
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
南	O	O
区	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
像	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
响	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
。	O	O
青	O	O
岛	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
伟	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
在	O	O
周	O	O
日	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
；	O	O
家	O	O
住	O	O
四	B	O
方	M	O
区	E	O
南	B	B
宁	M	M
路	E	E
的	O	O
刘	O	O
吉	O	O
坤	O	O
则	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
青	O	O
岛	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
胡	O	O
延	O	O
森	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
青	B	B
岛	M	M
市	E	E
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
争	O	O
创	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
、	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
、	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
做	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
为	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
我	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
市	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
青	B	O
岛	E	O
要	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
化	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
△	O	O
中	O	O
：	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
海	O	O
水	O	O
浴	O	O
场	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
台	O	O
风	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
、	O	O
杂	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
波	O	O
王	O	O
锋	O	O
四	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
一	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
周	O	O
日	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
才	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
了	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
、	O	O
尊	O	O
老	O	O
爱	O	O
幼	O	O
等	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
美	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
人	O	O
际	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
青	B	B
岛	M	M
市	E	E
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
笑	O	O
浪	O	O
小	O	O
许	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
给	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
送	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
见	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
照	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
信	O	O
从	O	O
门	O	O
缝	O	O
里	O	O
塞	O	O
进	O	O
去	O	O
就	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
信	O	O
件	O	O
丢	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
按	O	O
收	O	O
信	O	O
人	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
喊	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
遍	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
周	O	O
刚	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
没	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
气	O	O
冲	O	O
冲	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
瞪	O	O
着	O	O
他	O	O
吼	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
吵	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
这	O	O
刚	O	O
下	O	O
夜	O	O
班	O	O
睡	O	O
觉	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
你	O	O
吵	O	O
醒	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
小	O	O
许	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
周	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
报	O	O
箱	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
事	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
找	O	O
了	O	O
旧	O	O
木	O	O
料	O	O
为	O	O
周	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
安	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
箱	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
许	O	O
共	O	O
为	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
门	O	O
牌	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
块	O	O
经	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
审	O	O
定	O	O
编	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
振	O	O
昌	O	O
自	O	O
幼	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
贫	O	O
瘠	O	O
之	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
按	O	O
捺	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
萌	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
凭	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
才	O	O
智	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
捷	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
煤	O	O
炭	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
蕴	O	O
藏	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
办	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
。	O	O
谁	O	O
知	O	O
村	O	O
办	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
煤	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
一	O	O
开	O	O
采	O	O
就	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
振	O	O
昌	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
勇	O	O
往	O	O
直	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
气	O	O
馁	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
到	O	O
禹	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
许	B	B
昌	E	E
、	O	O
郑	O	B
州	O	E
煤	O	O
炭	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
等	O	O
地	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
采	O	O
煤	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
本	O	O
领	O	O
。	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
不	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
凭	O	O
着	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
念	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
山	O	O
低	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
毅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
振	O	O
昌	O	O
开	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
君	O	O
庙	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
煤	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
振	O	O
昌	O	O
也	O	O
因	O	O
扎	O	O
根	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
、	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
于	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
绩	O	O
卓	O	O
著	O	O
被	O	O
破	O	O
格	O	O
提	O	O
拔	O	O
为	O	O
乡	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
许	O	O
昌	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
功	O	O
臣	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
许	B	O
昌	M	O
市	E	O
“	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
爽	O	O
崔	O	O
敏	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
北	B	B
海	M	M
村	E	E
果	O	O
树	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
增	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
女	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
服	O	O
气	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
用	O	O
试	O	O
管	O	O
苗	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
莓	O	O
、	O	O
菊	O	O
花	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
樱	O	O
桃	O	O
苗	O	O
木	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
数	O	O
万	O	O
株	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
崔	O	O
敏	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
果	O	O
实	O	O
套	O	O
袋	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
海	M	M
村	E	E
的	O	O
“	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
”	O	O
苹	O	O
果	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
摆	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
的	O	O
宴	O	O
会	O	O
桌	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
辽	B	B
南	E	E
一	O	O
宝	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
放	O	O
松	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
把	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
拒	O	O
腐	O	O
防	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
心	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
地	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
齐	O	O
抓	O	O
共	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
各	O	O
负	O	O
其	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
和	O	O
惩	O	O
治	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
厉	O	O
行	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
奢	O	O
侈	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
刹	O	O
住	O	O
挥	O	O
霍	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
；	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
案	O	O
要	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
惩	O	O
处	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
；	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
、	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
和	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
侵	O	O
犯	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
严	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
听	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
，	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
党	O	O
纪	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
诱	O	O
惑	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
所	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
精	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
钻	O	O
研	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
谨	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
难	O	O
而	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
挺	O	O
身	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
执	O	O
纪	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
一	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
及	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
列	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
置	O	O
于	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
来	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
兼	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
源	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
和	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
从	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
抓	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
大	O	O
案	O	O
要	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
查	O	O
办	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
处	O	O
）	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
惩	O	O
处	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
以	O	O
权	O	O
谋	O	O
私	O	O
、	O	O
玩	O	O
忽	O	O
职	O	O
守	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
流	O	O
失	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
粗	O	O
暴	O	O
、	O	O
侵	O	O
犯	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
性	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
党	O	O
纪	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
拒	O	O
腐	O	O
防	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
性	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
党	O	O
纪	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
必	O	O
修	O	O
课	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
有	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
党	O	O
内	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
同	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
作	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
惩	O	O
治	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
和	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
在	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
计	O	O
账	O	O
册	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
另	O	O
立	O	O
会	O	O
计	O	O
账	O	O
册	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
账	O	O
外	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
撤	O	O
职	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
触	O	O
犯	O	O
刑	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
将	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
以	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
开	O	O
立	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
存	O	O
储	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
见	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
在	O	O
执	O	O
纪	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
等	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
依	O	O
纪	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赵	O	O
志	O	O
文	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
总	O	O
署	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
（	O	O
Ｗ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
）	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
比	B	B
利	M	M
时	E	E
―	O	O
卢	B	B
森	M	M
堡	E	E
，	O	O
跻	O	O
身	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
前	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
排	O	O
位	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
九	O	O
位	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
、	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
香	B	B
港	E	E
、	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
、	O	O
荷	B	B
兰	E	E
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
列	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
三	O	O
月	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
并	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
雁	O	O
）	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
并	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
把	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
地	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
的	O	O
肩	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
历	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
但	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
付	O	O
诸	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
向	O	O
广	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
丰	O	O
硕	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
和	O	O
缺	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
在	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
衷	O	O
共	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
策	O	O
群	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
再	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
全	O	O
文	O	O
见	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
版	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
辉	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	M	M
紫	M	M
光	M	M
阁	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
联	O	O
邦	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
总	O	O
监	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
安	O	O
德	O	O
烈	O	O
・	O	O
科	O	O
科	O	O
申	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
科	O	O
申	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
俄	O	O
中	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
科	O	O
科	O	O
申	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
切	O	O
尔	O	O
诺	O	O
梅	O	O
尔	O	O
金	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
对	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
尔	O	O
诺	O	O
梅	O	O
尔	O	O
金	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
着	O	O
与	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
请	O	O
科	O	O
科	O	O
申	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
切	O	O
尔	O	O
诺	O	O
梅	O	O
尔	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
京	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
辉	O	O
）	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
冒	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
欢	O	O
送	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
班	O	O
师	O	O
回	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
依	O	O
依	O	O
惜	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
万	O	O
盏	O	O
红	O	O
灯	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
岁	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
是	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
误	O	O
解	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
赶	O	O
集	O	O
会	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
武	B	B
汉	M	M
市	E	E
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
厚	O	O
溥	O	O
深	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
触	O	O
：	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
项	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
靠	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
凭	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
也	O	O
难	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
各	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
武	B	B
汉	M	M
市	E	E
这	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
最	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
戏	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
唱	O	O
”	O	O
！	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
号	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
刘	O	O
彩	O	O
阳	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
实	O	O
施	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
蓝	O	O
本	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
、	O	O
免	O	O
交	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
谋	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
免	O	O
收	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
费	O	O
等	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
还	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
、	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
收	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
税	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
总	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
共	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
案	O	O
、	O	O
参	O	O
政	O	O
议	O	O
政	O	O
书	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
篇	O	O
。	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
市	O	O
总	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
；	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
社	O	O
等	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
企	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
武	B	B
汉	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
深	O	O
。	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
耕	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
本	O	O
之	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
冻	O	O
得	O	O
住	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
查	O	O
得	O	O
清	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
修	O	O
编	O	O
、	O	O
动	O	O
态	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
性	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
与	O	O
疏	O	O
导	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
厚	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
雪	O	O
把	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
辉	O	O
映	O	O
得	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
地	O	O
蓝	O	O
，	O	O
偶	O	O
尔	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
只	O	O
雪	O	O
鸟	O	O
在	O	O
滑	O	O
翔	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
村	O	O
庄	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
声	O	O
清	O	O
脆	O	O
的	O	O
鸣	O	O
叫	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
音	O	O
袅	O	O
袅	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
远	O	O
方	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
造	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
“	O	O
阿	O	O
巴	O	O
基	O	O
”	O	O
崔	O	O
南	O	O
洙	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
所	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
搓	O	O
着	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
院	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
共	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
垧	O	O
四	O	O
地	O	O
（	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
土	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
亩	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
种	O	O
稻	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
阿	O	O
巴	O	O
基	O	O
”	O	O
同	O	O
我	O	O
算	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
细	O	O
账	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
六	O	O
口	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
闺	O	O
女	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
出	O	O
嫁	O	O
到	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
到	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
打	O	O
工	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
能	O	O
往	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
寄	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
块	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
卖	O	O
大	O	O
米	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
卖	O	O
稻	O	O
子	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
卖	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
头	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
种	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
田	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
临	O	O
走	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
崔	O	O
老	O	O
汉	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
送	O	O
出	O	O
好	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	M	M
市	E	E
为	O	O
了	O	O
摸	O	O
清	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
实	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
投	O	O
卷	O	O
问	O	O
答	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
评	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
税	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
得	O	O
分	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
惊	O	O
喜	O	O
：	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
仅	O	O
得	O	O
四	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
倒	O	O
数	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
；	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
分	O	O
翻	O	O
着	O	O
跟	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
榜	O	O
首	O	O
。	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
列	O	O
出	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
九	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
是	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
：	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
吃	O	O
、	O	O
拿	O	O
、	O	O
卡	O	O
、	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
顽	O	O
症	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
天	O	O
心	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
从	O	O
我	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
“	O	O
送	O	O
礼	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
客	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
中	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
管	O	O
员	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
查	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
与	O	O
减	O	O
免	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
少	O	O
交	O	O
税	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
交	O	O
税	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
少	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
专	O	O
管	O	O
员	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
打	O	O
主	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
了	O	O
算	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
源	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
李	O	O
天	O	O
心	O	O
看	O	O
清	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
税	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
皇	O	O
姑	O	O
地	O	O
税	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
选	O	O
案	O	O
、	O	O
稽	O	O
查	O	O
、	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
各	O	O
管	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
选	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
查	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
审	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
结	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
谁	O	O
说	O	O
了	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
该	O	O
到	O	O
谁	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
“	O	O
走	O	O
后	O	O
门	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
贿	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
国	O	O
胜	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
经	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
部	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
赛	O	O
宝	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
和	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
近	O	O
万	O	O
批	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
和	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
和	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
委	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
矿	O	O
业	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
区	O	O
块	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
有	O	O
偿	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
矿	O	O
业	O	O
权	O	O
有	O	O
偿	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
等	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
归	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
权	O	O
限	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
上	O	O
应	O	O
以	O	O
矿	O	O
种	O	O
来	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
等	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
种	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
矿	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
储	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
矿	O	O
种	O	O
可	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
查	O	O
私	O	O
案	O	O
值	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
伊	O	O
化	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
盘	O	O
活	O	O
六	O	O
亿	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
恒	O	O
安	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
代	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
远	O	O
洋	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
邹	O	O
家	O	O
华	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
绿	O	O
化	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
大	O	O
联	O	O
展	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
尚	O	O
属	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
展	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
有	O	O
市	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
局	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
展	O	O
馆	O	O
、	O	O
丰	B	B
台	E	M
花	B	M
乡	E	E
等	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
赵	O	O
兴	O	O
林	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
“	O	O
八	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
《	O	O
海	O	O
商	O	O
法	O	O
大	O	O
辞	O	O
典	O	O
》	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
诠	O	O
释	O	O
海	O	O
商	O	O
法	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
词	O	O
汇	O	O
，	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
、	O	O
惯	O	O
例	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
辞	O	O
典	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
谢	O	O
宗	O	O
惠	O	O
）	O	O
郭	O	O
平	O	O
坦	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
波	O	O
折	O	O
给	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
带	O	O
来	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
出	O	O
口	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
顺	O	O
差	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
民	O	O
众	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
以	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
为	O	O
腹	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
通	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
睦	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
民	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
呼	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
媒	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
民	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
赞	O	O
成	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
通	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
阶	O	O
层	O	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
民	O	O
众	O	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
与	O	O
孔	O	O
令	O	O
志	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
潘	O	O
赛	O	O
菊	O	O
也	O	O
领	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
小	O	O
竹	O	O
君	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
邵	B	O
阳	M	O
市	E	O
郊	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
名	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
抚	O	O
养	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
潘	O	O
赛	O	O
菊	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
为	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
们	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
了	O	O
终	O	O
身	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
和	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
们	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
潘	O	O
赛	O	O
菊	O	O
还	O	O
把	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
小	O	O
竹	O	O
君	O	O
当	O	O
成	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
抚	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
费	O	O
和	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
育	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
竹	O	O
君	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
叫	O	O
她	O	O
“	O	O
潘	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
军	O	O
属	O	O
犯	O	O
愁	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
士	O	O
兵	O	O
担	O	O
忧	O	O
山	B	B
西	E	E
四	O	O
千	O	O
余	O	O
户	O	O
军	O	O
属	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
军	O	O
转	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
了	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
转	O	O
业	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
军	O	O
转	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
转	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
军	O	O
转	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
不	O	O
做	O	O
大	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
稳	O	O
中	O	O
求	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
把	O	O
转	O	O
业	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
巾	O	O
帼	O	O
建	O	O
功	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
要	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
；	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
巾	O	O
帼	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
岗	O	O
”	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
周	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
暖	O	O
湿	O	O
气	O	O
流	O	O
仍	O	O
较	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
仍	O	O
多	O	O
阴	O	O
雨	O	O
雪	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
江	O	B
南	O	E
和	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
两	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
雨	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
是	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
预	O	O
定	O	O
议	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
再	O	O
讲	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
具	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
、	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
辛	O	O
勤	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
百	O	O
倍	O	O
地	O	O
珍	O	O
惜	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
不	O	O
渝	O	O
地	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
联	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
共	O	O
话	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
延	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
廷	O	O
翰	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
联	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
名	O	O
誉	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
名	O	O
誉	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
及	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
红	O	O
红	O	O
火	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
录	O	O
像	O	O
带	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
好	O	O
录	O	O
像	O	O
带	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
中	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
劳	O	O
模	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
庆	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
启	O	O
事	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
用	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
传	O	O
真	O	O
。	O	O
传	O	O
真	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
―	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
了	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
和	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
归	O	O
侨	O	O
、	O	O
侨	O	O
眷	O	O
和	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
翁	O	O
的	O	O
姿	O	O
态	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
身	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
侨	O	O
胞	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
是	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
昌	O	O
盛	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
归	O	O
侨	O	O
、	O	O
侨	O	O
眷	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
同	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
、	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
侨	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
而	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
又	O	O
讯	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
侨	O	O
办	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
时	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
了	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
侨	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
世	O	O
夏	O	O
茸	O	O
尕	O	O
布	O	O
活	O	O
佛	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
尖	B	B
扎	M	M
县	E	E
拉	B	O
茂	M	O
德	M	O
庆	M	O
寺	E	O
圆	O	O
寂	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
生	O	O
前	O	O
曾	O	O
任	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
佛	O	O
教	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
海	O	O
省	O	O
佛	O	O
教	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
藏	O	O
传	O	O
佛	O	O
教	O	O
界	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
佛	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
为	O	O
青	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
信	O	O
教	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
架	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
―	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
型	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
架	O	O
总	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
近	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
和	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
交	O	O
付	O	O
山	O	O
航	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
：	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
临	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
浓	O	O
郁	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
剪	O	O
纸	O	O
给	O	O
石	B	O
家	M	O
庄	E	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
摊	O	O
主	O	O
在	O	O
帮	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
选	O	O
购	O	O
剪	O	O
纸	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
郑	O	O
建	O	O
卫	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
稿	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
铨	O	O
叙	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
科	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
曹	O	O
刚	O	O
川	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
副	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
双	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
、	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
罗	O	O
高	O	O
寿	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
东	O	O
凯	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
莫	B	B
桑	M	M
比	M	M
克	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
府	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
穆	O	O
拉	O	O
德	O	O
・	O	O
穆	O	O
拉	O	O
尔	O	O
吉	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
愿	O	O
与	O	O
莫	O	O
方	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
韦	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
纳	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
成	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
博	O	O
物	O	O
馆	O	O
”	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
这	O	O
条	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
性	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
电	O	O
气	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
则	O	O
穿	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
迷	O	O
宫	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
险	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
形	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
线	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
差	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
间	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
形	O	O
起	O	O
伏	O	O
升	O	O
降	O	O
；	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
瓦	O	O
斯	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
地	O	O
应	O	O
力	O	O
等	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
病	O	O
害	O	O
比	O	O
比	O	O
皆	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
在	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
总	O	O
汇	O	O
。	O	O
选	O	O
线	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
着	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
败	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
选	O	O
取	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
铁	O	O
二	O	O
院	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
滇	O	O
黔	O	O
桂	O	O
三	O	O
省	O	O
区	O	O
交	O	O
界	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
宽	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
航	O	O
测	O	O
遥	O	O
控	O	O
、	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
算	O	O
加	O	O
密	O	O
、	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
辅	O	O
助	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
等	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
精	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
选	O	O
线	O	O
依	O	O
山	O	O
傍	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
绕	O	O
来	O	O
绕	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
尽	O	O
量	O	O
走	O	O
直	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
成	O	O
昆	O	O
线	O	O
长	O	O
度	O	O
是	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
南	O	O
昆	O	O
线	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O
喀	B	B
什	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
、	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
见	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
由	O	O
地	O	O
委	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
处	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
等	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
册	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
份	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
汪	O	O
永	O	O
华	O	O
陈	O	O
丽	O	O
魏	O	O
玉	O	O
凤	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
谢	O	O
华	O	O
萍	O	O
汤	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
罗	O	O
国	O	O
强	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
前	O	O
刚	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
沙	B	B
市	M	M
区	E	E
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
因	O	O
势	O	O
利	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
“	O	O
少	O	O
生	O	O
快	O	O
富	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
社	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
长	B	B
湖	E	E
岸	O	O
边	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
特	O	O
种	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
社	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
共	O	O
计	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
免	O	O
征	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
税	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
自	O	O
筹	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
、	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
、	O	O
劳	O	O
力	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
长	B	O
湖	E	O
岸	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
镇	O	O
一	O	O
乡	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
实	O	O
体	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
户	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
网	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
亩	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
立	O	O
体	O	O
特	O	O
种	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
甲	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
乌	O	O
龟	O	O
、	O	O
螃	O	O
蟹	O	O
等	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
常	O	O
规	O	O
鱼	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
与	O	O
特	O	O
种	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
链	O	O
。	O	O
牡	B	O
丹	M	O
江	E	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
受	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
以	O	O
有	O	O
说	O	O
服	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
和	O	O
案	O	O
例	O	O
揭	O	O
露	O	O
了	O	O
黄	O	O
毒	O	O
对	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
洁	O	O
净	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
朝	B	B
阳	M	M
区	E	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
区	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
委	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
到	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
和	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
给	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
户	O	O
送	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
和	O	O
年	O	O
画	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
育	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
宽	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
８	O	O
８	O	O
中	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
纪	O	O
实	O	O
向	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
才	O	O
有	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
课	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
课	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
周	O	O
半	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
了	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
模	O	O
型	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
、	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
太	O	O
阳	O	O
能	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
等	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
大	O	O
类	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
初	O	O
二	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
和	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
上	O	O
好	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
一	O	O
专	O	O
多	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
语	O	O
音	O	O
、	O	O
英	O	O
文	O	O
打	O	O
字	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
教	O	O
室	O	O
。	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
着	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
观	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
用	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
去	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
、	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
去	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
总	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
接	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
女	O	O
婴	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
臭	O	O
氧	O	O
层	O	O
的	O	O
蒙	O	B
特	O	M
利	O	M
尔	O	E
协	O	O
定	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
家	O	O
顾	O	O
雏	O	O
军	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
绿	O	O
冷	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
无	O	O
氟	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
剂	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
又	O	O
传	O	O
佳	O	O
音	O	O
：	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
剂	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
告	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
无	O	O
氟	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
剂	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
；	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
从	O	O
此	O	O
将	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
剂	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
受	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
和	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
绿	O	O
冷	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
顾	O	O
雏	O	O
军	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
向	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
宣	O	O
告	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
有	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
也	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
加	O	O
快	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
氟	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
贾	O	O
西	O	O
平	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
以	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
率	O	O
要	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
蓝	O	O
皮	O	O
书	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
被	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
引	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
转	O	O
载	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
局	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
清	O	O
洁	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
交	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
晓	O	O
江	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
美	O	O
赞	O	O
臣	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
）	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
脂	O	O
肪	O	O
酸	O	O
与	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
』	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
医	O	O
科	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
附	O	O
属	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
儿	O	O
科	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
徐	O	O
婉	O	O
芳	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
脂	O	O
肪	O	O
酸	O	O
与	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
婴	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
喂	O	O
养	O	O
等	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O
朱	O	O
满	O	O
庭	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
触	O	O
及	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
就	O	O
以	O	O
直	B	O
布	M	O
罗	M	O
陀	E	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
阻	O	O
挠	O	O
。	O	O
直	B	O
布	M	O
罗	M	O
陀	E	O
是	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
殖	O	O
民	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
从	O	O
未	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
海	O	O
空	O	O
管	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
提	O	O
出	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
应	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
管	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
它	O	O
就	O	O
“	O	O
否	O	O
决	O	O
”	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
的	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
才	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
作	O	O
梗	O	O
。	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
马	B	O
德	M	O
里	E	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
加	B	B
那	M	M
利	E	M
群	O	M
岛	O	E
水	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
权	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
将	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
发	O	O
挥	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
『	O	O
说	O	O
理	O	O
』	O	O
不	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
『	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
』	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
要	O	O
求	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
府	O	O
鲁	O	O
宾	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
向	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
格	M	M
达	E	E
同	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
官	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
何	O	O
种	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
熊	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
内	O	O
阁	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
泰	O	B
国	O	E
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
今	O	O
后	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
将	O	O
把	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
工	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
项	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
各	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
以	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
盘	O	O
活	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
收	O	O
支	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
定	O	O
该	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
零	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
的	O	O
估	O	O
算	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
方	O	O
宣	O	O
言	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
东	B	O
亚	E	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
论	O	O
中	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
宣	O	O
言	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
自	O	O
救	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
鲁	O	O
宾	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
也	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
的	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
将	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
到	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
；	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
将	O	O
更	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
。	O	O
”	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
杀	O	O
伤	O	O
性	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
为	O	O
期	O	O
３	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
同	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
府	O	O
等	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
和	O	O
Ｕ	O	O
―	O	O
２	O	O
侦	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
伊	O	O
上	O	O
空	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
未	O	O
弥	O	O
合	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
白	O	O
宫	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
麦	O	O
柯	O	O
里	O	O
声	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
格	M	M
达	E	E
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
已	O	O
难	O	O
再	O	O
容	O	O
忍	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
时	O	O
会	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
单	O	O
独	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
奥	O	O
尔	O	O
布	O	O
赖	O	O
特	O	O
也	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
仍	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
不	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
利	O	O
用	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
与	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
峙	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
同	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
大	B	B
马	M	M
士	M	M
革	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
地	O	O
对	O	O
俄	O	O
白	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
俄	O	O
白	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
而	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
。	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
应	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
俄	O	O
白	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
应	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
阿	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
乌	O	O
叶	O	O
海	O	O
亚	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
团	O	O
伙	O	O
的	O	O
卑	O	O
劣	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
团	O	O
伙	O	O
正	O	O
竭	O	O
力	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
盘	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
符	O	O
福	O	O
渊	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
东	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
社	O	O
团	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
赈	O	O
灾	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
片	O	O
片	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
场	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
符	O	O
福	O	O
渊	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
波	B	B
士	M	M
顿	E	E
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
三	O	O
头	O	O
小	O	O
牛	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
向	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
药	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
又	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
兰	M	M
堡	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
士	O	O
龙	O	O
）	O	O
巴	B	B
基	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
内	O	O
阁	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
收	O	O
缴	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
和	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
场	O	O
合	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
枪	O	O
支	O	O
等	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
专	O	O
员	O	O
公	O	O
署	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
名	O	O
奉	O	O
辛	O	O
比	O	O
克	O	O
党	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
于	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
流	O	O
亡	O	O
前	O	O
曾	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
约	B	B
翰	M	M
内	M	M
斯	M	M
堡	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
新	O	O
烽	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
架	O	O
为	O	O
安	O	O
盟	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
采	O	O
矿	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
私	O	O
人	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
被	O	O
安	B	O
哥	M	O
拉	E	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
迫	O	O
降	O	O
在	O	O
安	B	B
哥	M	M
拉	E	E
。	O	O
巴	O	B
伦	O	M
支	O	M
海	O	E
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
北	O	O
冰	O	O
洋	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
北	O	O
部	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
吕	B	B
勒	M	M
奥	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
和	O	O
北	B	B
欧	E	E
五	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
副	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
塔	O	O
尔	O	O
博	O	O
特	O	O
、	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
专	O	O
员	O	O
等	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
巴	B	B
伦	M	M
支	M	M
海	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
巴	O	B
伦	O	M
支	O	M
海	O	E
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
北	O	O
冰	O	O
洋	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
由	O	O
挪	B	B
威	E	E
倡	O	O
议	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
北	B	B
欧	E	E
五	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
和	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
、	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
、	O	O
荷	B	B
兰	E	E
、	O	O
波	B	B
兰	E	E
和	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
作	O	O
为	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
罗	B	B
马	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
警	O	O
方	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
罗	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
有	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
，	O	O
破	O	O
获	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
缴	O	O
获	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
二	O	O
点	O	O
五	O	O
吨	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
达	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
获	O	O
了	O	O
八	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
列	O	O
伊	O	O
假	O	O
币	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
警	O	O
方	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伪	O	O
造	O	O
假	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
印	O	O
制	O	O
了	O	O
面	O	O
值	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
列	O	O
伊	O	O
的	O	O
假	O	O
币	O	O
共	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
亿	O	O
列	O	O
伊	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
只	O	O
收	O	O
缴	O	O
到	O	O
二	O	O
点	O	O
四	O	O
亿	O	O
列	O	O
伊	O	O
假	O	O
币	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
专	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
看	O	O
待	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
“	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
低	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
与	O	O
低	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
并	O	O
存	O	O
的	O	O
较	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
已	O	O
逾	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
都	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
的	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
率	O	O
与	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
此	O	O
长	O	O
彼	O	O
消	O	O
的	O	O
常	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
滞	O	O
胀	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
也	O	O
截	O	O
然	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
微	O	O
观	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
四	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
开	O	O
始	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
同	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
区	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
：	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
软	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
预	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
已	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
较	O	O
长	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
原	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
和	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
易	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
。	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
英	O	O
特	O	O
尔	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
搞	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
芯	O	O
片	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
要	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
后	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
以	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
降	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
了	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
年	O	O
率	O	O
仅	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
低	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
低	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
率	O	O
并	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
性	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
驱	O	O
使	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
官	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
公	O	O
司	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
约	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
家	O	O
最	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
占	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
企	O	O
业	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
也	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
压	O	O
低	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
邮	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
微	O	O
软	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
、	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
和	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
最	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
它	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
绝	O	O
非	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
光	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
内	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
扩	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
延	O	O
续	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
中	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
元	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
元	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
即	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
于	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
元	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
性	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
拥	O	O
有	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
群	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
业	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
与	O	O
之	O	O
相	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
还	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
多	O	O
属	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
密	O	O
集	O	O
型	O	O
或	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
密	O	O
集	O	O
型	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
仍	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
性	O	O
起	O	O
伏	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
则	O	O
因	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
性	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
元	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
使	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
性	O	O
衰	O	O
退	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
衰	O	O
退	O	O
的	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
。	O	O
注	O	O
：	O	O
表	O	O
中	O	O
阿	O	B
拉	O	M
伯	O	E
数	O	O
字	O	O
为	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
为	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O
汉	O	O
字	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
战	O	O
后	O	O
所	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
次	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
次	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
萧	O	O
梓	O	O
树	O	O
）	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
香	B	B
港	M	M
特	M	M
别	M	M
行	M	M
政	M	M
区	E	E
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
炬	O	O
接	O	O
力	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
俞	O	O
宜	O	O
国	O	O
）	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
奥	O	O
林	O	O
匹	O	O
克	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
的	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
冬	O	O
季	O	O
奥	O	O
林	O	O
匹	O	O
克	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
云	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
滑	O	O
坡	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
受	O	O
全	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
砍	O	O
掉	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
锐	O	O
减	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
鼎	O	O
盛	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
线	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
苦	O	O
苦	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
的	O	O
境	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
塔	O	O
基	O	O
不	O	O
牢	O	O
固	O	O
、	O	O
塔	O	O
顶	O	O
难	O	O
冒	O	O
尖	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
楼	O	O
阁	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
香	O	O
港	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
暨	O	O
奥	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
已	O	O
经	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
把	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
力	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
体	O	O
育	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
晚	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
红	O	O
星	O	O
酿	O	O
酒	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
威	O	O
鑫	O	O
宝	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
承	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
共	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
张	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
东	O	O
城	O	O
区	O	O
公	O	O
证	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
对	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
。	O	O
冈	O	O
波	O	O
斯	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
德	O	O
烈	O	O
斯	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
建	O	O
平	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
前	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
并	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
球	O	O
星	O	O
；	O	O
魏	O	O
克	O	O
兴	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
峰	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
将	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
参	O	O
与	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
正	O	O
从	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
扩	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
员	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
质	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
各	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
和	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
员	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
质	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
网	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
和	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
样	O	O
板	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
质	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
网	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
田	O	O
亮	O	O
在	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
台	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
跳	O	O
水	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
共	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
３	O	O
项	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
还	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
３	O	O
枚	O	O
银	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
拳	O	O
台	O	O
改	O	O
行	O	O
摔	O	O
跤	O	O
泰	O	O
森	O	O
又	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
招	O	O
小	O	O
品	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
齐	O	O
全	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
总	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
由	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
张	O	O
继	O	O
钢	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
名	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
联	O	O
袂	O	O
登	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
李	O	O
舫	O	O
）	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
是	O	O
皆	O	O
大	O	O
欢	O	O
喜	O	O
、	O	O
痛	O	O
痛	O	O
快	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
点	O	O
家	O	O
常	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
醒	O	O
提	O	O
醒	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
时	O	O
尚	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
还	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
欣	O	O
赏	O	O
到	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
风	O	O
俗	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
眼	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
行	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
妨	O	O
先	O	O
对	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
销	O	O
、	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
密	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
却	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
还	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
肚	O	O
子	O	O
闷	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
才	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
偿	O	O
失	O	O
呢	O	O
！	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
美	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
既	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
剧	O	O
场	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
录	O	O
播	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
景	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
讲	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
镜	O	O
头	O	O
感	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
仿	O	O
生	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
移	O	O
植	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
晶	O	O
莹	O	O
剔	O	O
透	O	O
的	O	O
冰	O	O
灯	O	O
、	O	O
飞	O	O
雪	O	O
、	O	O
冰	O	O
凌	O	O
与	O	O
树	O	O
挂	O	O
，	O	O
描	O	O
绘	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
派	O	O
瑰	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
国	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
；	O	O
翠	O	O
竹	O	O
环	O	O
抱	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
崖	O	O
青	O	O
青	O	O
，	O	O
竹	O	O
楼	O	O
掩	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
弯	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
当	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
郁	O	O
郁	O	O
葱	O	O
葱	O	O
的	O	O
竹	O	O
乡	O	O
美	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
杜	O	O
英	O	O
姿	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
成	O	O
方	O	O
圆	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
室	O	O
操	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
台	O	O
王	O	O
刚	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
方	O	O
圆	O	O
伉	O	O
俪	O	O
联	O	O
袂	O	O
主	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
之	O	O
声	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
让	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
观	O	O
众	O	O
等	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
耐	O	O
烦	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
揭	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
红	O	O
盖	O	O
头	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
孤	O	O
独	O	O
的	O	O
牧	O	O
羊	O	O
人	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
雪	O	O
绒	O	O
花	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
熟	O	O
知	O	O
的	O	O
好	B	O
莱	M	O
坞	E	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
名	O	O
曲	O	O
在	O	O
保	B	B
利	M	M
大	M	M
厦	E	E
上	O	O
空	O	O
绕	O	O
梁	O	O
。	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
田	O	O
玉	O	O
斌	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
取	O	O
材	O	O
于	O	O
好	B	O
莱	M	O
坞	E	O
同	O	O
名	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
地	O	O
演	O	O
绎	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
爱	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
则	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
孔	O	O
泽	O	O
尔	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
一	O	O
展	O	O
风	O	O
姿	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
合	O	O
唱	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
男	O	O
声	O	O
合	O	O
唱	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
将	O	O
吹	O	O
响	O	O
春	O	O
天	O	O
号	O	O
角	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
名	O	O
曲	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
演	O	O
奏	O	O
者	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
歌	O	O
剧	O	O
芭	O	O
蕾	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
乐	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
牛	O	O
年	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
画	O	O
句	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
王	O	O
洛	O	O
宾	O	O
与	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
民	O	O
歌	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
合	O	O
唱	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
登	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
火	O	O
树	O	O
银	O	O
花	O	O
不	O	O
夜	O	O
天	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
金	O	O
蛇	O	O
狂	O	O
舞	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
闹	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
》	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
享	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O
火	O	O
爆	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
伏	B	O
尔	M	O
加	E	O
之	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
初	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
伏	B	O
尔	M	O
加	E	O
之	O	O
声	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
场	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
重	O	O
温	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
歌	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
头	O	O
戏	O	O
“	O	O
纳	O	O
西	O	O
古	O	O
乐	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
；	O	O
用	O	O
“	O	O
此	O	O
曲	O	O
只	O	O
应	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
几	O	O
回	O	O
闻	O	O
”	O	O
来	O	O
形	O	O
容	O	O
“	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
活	O	O
化	O	O
石	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
纳	O	O
西	O	O
古	O	O
乐	O	O
丝	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
连	O	O
演	O	O
三	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
孙	O	O
道	O	O
临	O	O
、	O	O
乔	O	O
榛	O	O
、	O	O
丁	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
濮	O	O
存	O	O
昕	O	O
、	O	O
童	O	O
自	O	O
荣	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
雄	O	O
、	O	O
奚	O	O
美	O	O
娟	O	O
等	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
出	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
舒	O	O
婷	O	O
诗	O	O
歌	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
朗	O	O
诵	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
将	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
；	O	O
名	O	O
诗	O	O
配	O	O
名	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
诵	O	O
名	O	O
诗	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
霞	O	O
芳	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
弹	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
韵	O	O
味	O	O
十	O	O
足	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
江	O	O
浙	O	O
沪	O	O
评	O	O
弹	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
周	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
杰	O	O
克	O	O
在	O	O
土	O	O
著	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
照	O	O
料	O	O
下	O	O
日	O	O
渐	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
和	O	O
身	O	O
处	O	O
此	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
却	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
他	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
发	O	O
问	O	O
『	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
谁	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
土	O	O
著	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
地	O	O
称	O	O
呼	O	O
他	O	O
为	O	O
『	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
谁	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
杰	O	O
克	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
土	O	O
著	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
答	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
料	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
连	O	O
串	O	O
的	O	O
追	O	O
杀	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
因	O	O
主	O	O
演	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
济	O	O
公	O	O
》	O	O
而	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
游	O	O
本	O	O
昌	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
演	O	O
绎	O	O
济	O	O
公	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
拍	O	O
成	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
集	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
济	O	O
公	O	O
游	O	O
记	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
透	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
传	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
诙	O	O
谐	O	O
中	O	O
传	O	O
达	O	O
出	O	O
惩	O	O
恶	O	O
扬	O	O
善	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
旨	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
题	O	O
写	O	O
片	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
昌	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
同	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
主	O	O
厨	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
常	O	O
见	O	O
空	O	O
空	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
满	O	O
街	O	O
跑	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
叫	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
看	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
哪	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
将	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
叫	O	O
车	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
，	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
两	O	O
相	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
梦	O	O
幻	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
色	O	O
调	O	O
为	O	O
红	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
水	O	O
晶	O	O
吊	O	O
灯	O	O
映	O	O
衬	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
壁	O	O
挂	O	O
满	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
的	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
版	O	O
画	O	O
。	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
升	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
伸	O	O
缩	O	O
自	O	O
如	O	O
的	O	O
冰	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
瀑	O	O
布	O	O
、	O	O
喷	O	O
泉	O	O
等	O	O
实	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
立	O	O
体	O	O
投	O	O
影	O	O
和	O	O
强	O	O
力	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
灯	O	O
、	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
布	O	O
景	O	O
随	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
更	O	O
换	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
位	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
署	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
朗	O	O
讯	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
几	O	O
家	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
颁	O	O
奖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
台	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
亿	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
越	O	O
办	O	O
越	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
还	O	O
得	O	O
办	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
尽	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
办	O	O
出	O	O
点	O	O
新	O	O
意	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
是	O	O
绞	O	O
尽	O	O
了	O	O
脑	O	O
汁	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
对	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
只	O	O
做	O	O
不	O	O
说	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
走	O	O
近	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
港	O	O
、	O	O
台	O	O
艺	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
作	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
加	O	O
重	O	O
了	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
歌	O	O
手	O	O
唱	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
首	O	O
歌	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
组	O	O
赴	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
外	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
当	O	O
红	O	O
艺	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
吉	O	O
祥	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
屏	O	O
幕	O	O
将	O	O
外	O	O
景	O	O
与	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
欢	O	O
歌	O	O
笑	O	O
语	O	O
中	O	O
于	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
港	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
风	O	O
貌	O	O
和	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
新	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
早	O	O
有	O	O
民	O	O
意	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
能	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
咸	O	O
宜	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
雅	O	O
俗	O	O
共	O	O
赏	O	O
”	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
声	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
正	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
太	O	O
受	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
更	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
孟	O	O
欣	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
哪	O	O
些	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
能	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
没	O	O
定	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
但	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
赵	O	B
本	O	M
山	O	E
、	O	O
黄	O	O
宏	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
巩	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
群	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
佩	O	O
斯	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
时	O	O
茂	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
长	O	B
江	O	E
、	O	O
大	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
已	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
宋	O	O
丹	O	O
丹	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
更	O	O
少	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
位	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
《	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
天	O	O
》	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
给	O	O
咱	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
欢	O	O
笑	O	O
的	O	O
赵	O	O
丽	O	O
蓉	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
喜	O	O
剧	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
南	O	O
霸	O	O
天	O	O
”	O	O
陈	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
胡	O	O
汉	O	O
三	O	O
”	O	O
刘	O	O
江	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
李	O	O
向	O	O
阳	O	O
”	O	O
郭	O	O
振	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
董	O	O
存	O	O
瑞	O	O
”	O	O
张	O	O
良	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
上	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
辩	O	O
论	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
“	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
、	O	O
坏	O	O
蛋	O	O
谁	O	O
给	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
深	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
上	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
田	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
祝	O	O
希	O	O
娟	O	O
、	O	O
凌	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
江	O	O
珊	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
璐	O	O
瑶	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
反	O	O
串	O	O
大	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
露	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
剧	O	O
组	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
播	O	O
厅	O	O
排	O	O
练	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
杨	O	O
飞	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
和	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
之	O	O
无	O	O
愧	O	O
地	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
。	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
奖	O	O
对	O	O
多	O	O
出	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
里	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
：	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
贺	O	O
岁	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
万	O	O
事	O	O
兴	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
剧	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
在	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
小	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
、	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
满	O	O
和	O	O
心	O	O
心	O	O
相	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
；	O	O
融	O	O
评	O	O
介	O	O
和	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
电	O	O
影	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
《	O	O
春	O	O
在	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
视	O	O
点	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
新	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
和	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
貌	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
二	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
金	O	O
玉	O	O
满	O	O
堂	O	O
聚	O	O
亲	O	O
情	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
》	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
间	O	O
有	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
贺	O	O
岁	O	O
喜	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
评	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
洲	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
欢	O	O
度	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
三	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
四	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
《	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
涌	O	O
春	O	O
潮	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
五	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
歌	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
来	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
唱	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
颁	O	O
奖	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
歌	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
眷	O	O
恋	O	O
之	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
演	O	O
唱	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
做	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
楼	O	O
梦	O	O
》	O	O
到	O	O
《	O	O
水	O	O
浒	O	O
传	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
部	O	O
古	O	O
典	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
名	O	O
著	O	O
搬	O	O
上	O	O
荧	O	O
屏	O	O
，	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
垂	O	O
史	O	O
册	O	O
、	O	O
功	O	O
在	O	O
千	O	O
秋	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
好	O	O
剧	O	O
本	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
遍	O	O
及	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
性	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
八	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
作	O	O
投	O	O
拍	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
描	O	O
写	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
插	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
和	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
寄	O	O
托	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
朗	O	O
朗	O	O
星	O	O
空	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
由	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
厂	O	O
和	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
厂	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
曼	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
又	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
曼	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
经	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	M
市	O	E
对	O	O
外	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
筹	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
、	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
办	O	O
三	O	O
场	O	O
独	O	O
奏	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
曼	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
场	O	O
合	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
音	O	O
乐	O	O
界	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
时	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
盼	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
能	O	O
来	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
热	O	O
爱	O	O
他	O	O
、	O	O
崇	O	O
敬	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
听	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
他	O	O
早	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
窗	O	O
好	O	O
友	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
伦	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
祖	O	O
强	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
存	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
愿	O	O
：	O	O
与	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
伦	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
演	O	O
出	O	O
他	O	O
拿	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
柴	O	O
一	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
电	O	O
影	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
京	B	B
城	E	M
夏	O	M
宫	O	E
酒	O	O
楼	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
新	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
甲	O	O
方	O	O
乙	O	O
方	O	O
》	O	O
票	O	O
房	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
九	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
庆	O	O
贺	O	O
酒	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
由	O	O
北	O	O
影	O	O
厂	O	O
出	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
紫	O	O
禁	O	O
城	O	O
影	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
影	O	O
联	O	O
影	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
创	O	O
出	O	O
九	O	O
百	O	O
零	O	O
八	O	O
万	O	O
八	O	O
千	O	O
八	O	O
百	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
票	O	O
房	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
大	O	O
片	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
票	O	O
房	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
北	B	O
京	E	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
片	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
票	O	O
房	O	O
总	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
片	O	O
日	O	O
票	O	O
房	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
局	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
谢	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
滕	O	O
文	O	O
骥	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
贺	O	O
岁	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
甲	O	O
方	O	O
乙	O	O
方	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
放	O	O
映	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
在	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
天	O	O
山	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
厂	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
万	O	O
方	O	O
编	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
董	O	O
玲	O	O
执	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
达	O	O
列	O	O
什	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
》	O	O
（	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
集	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
大	O	O
潮	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	E
精	O	O
魂	O	O
你	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
裕	O	O
富	O	O
饶	O	O
的	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
抚	O	O
育	O	O
了	O	O
惊	O	O
天	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	E
英	O	O
灵	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
年	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
增	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
既	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
往	O	O
无	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	E
，	O	O
你	O	O
不	O	O
愧	O	O
是	O	O
华	O	O
夏	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
危	O	O
难	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
严	O	O
酷	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	E
母	O	O
亲	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
怒	O	O
吼	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
呼	O	O
啸	O	O
而	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
乾	O	O
坤	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
危	O	O
为	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O
举	O	O
例	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
被	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
最	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
灾	O	O
难	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
战	O	O
也	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
壮	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
数	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
血	O	O
洒	O	O
遍	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
壮	O	O
志	O	O
凛	O	O
然	O	O
千	O	O
秋	O	O
。	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
前	O	O
赴	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
、	O	O
慷	O	O
慨	O	O
悲	O	O
歌	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
长	O	O
河	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
黄	O	O
钟	O	O
大	O	O
吕	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
瑰	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
篇	O	O
章	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
抗	O	O
日	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
抒	O	O
写	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
眼	O	O
观	O	O
六	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
耳	O	O
听	O	O
八	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
脉	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
正	O	O
汩	O	O
汩	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	E
的	O	O
灵	O	O
慧	O	O
。	O	O
普	B	B
者	M	M
黑	E	E
是	O	O
滇	B	O
东	M	O
南	E	O
翡	O	O
翠	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
湖	O	O
泊	O	O
，	O	O
隶	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
邱	B	B
北	M	M
县	E	E
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
在	O	O
邱	B	B
北	E	M
县	O	E
城	O	O
里	O	O
迷	O	O
了	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
听	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
步	O	O
履	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
、	O	O
腋	O	O
下	O	O
夹	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
沓	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
口	O	O
音	O	O
就	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
停	O	O
脚	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
叫	O	O
住	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
引	O	O
出	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
打	O	O
听	O	O
出	O	O
他	O	O
竟	O	O
是	O	O
邱	B	B
北	M	M
县	E	E
的	O	O
副	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
晚	O	O
饭	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
篝	O	O
火	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
湖	O	O
边	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
壮	O	O
、	O	O
彝	O	O
、	O	O
苗	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
、	O	O
瑶	O	O
等	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
或	O	O
唱	O	O
或	O	O
跳	O	O
或	O	O
笑	O	O
或	O	O
闹	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
拉	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
和	O	O
采	O	O
风	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
伴	O	O
都	O	O
被	O	O
拉	O	O
进	O	O
场	O	O
子	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
通	O	O
洋	O	O
相	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
被	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
，	O	O
忘	O	O
乎	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
地	O	O
疯	O	O
跳	O	O
疯	O	O
唱	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
笑	O	O
大	O	O
闹	O	O
一	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
今	O	O
夕	O	O
何	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
吾	O	O
身	O	O
何	O	O
身	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
痛	O	O
快	O	O
一	O	O
回	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
羡	O	O
慕	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
有	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
到	O	O
忘	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
许	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
烦	O	O
恼	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
从	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
角	O	O
落	O	O
里	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
识	O	O
却	O	O
怀	O	O
有	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
进	O	O
忘	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
即	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
短	O	O
暂	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
要	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
游	O	O
湖	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
到	O	O
普	B	B
者	M	M
黑	E	E
的	O	O
湖	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
游	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
是	O	O
乘	O	O
油	O	O
客	O	O
轮	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
乘	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
轰	O	O
轰	O	O
隆	O	O
隆	O	O
的	O	O
庞	O	O
然	O	O
大	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
游	O	O
湖	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
入	O	O
侵	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
总	O	O
也	O	O
忘	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
千	B	O
岛	M	O
湖	E	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
景	O	O
：	O	O
大	O	O
客	O	O
轮	O	O
过	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
碧	O	O
蓝	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
漂	O	O
浮	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
片	O	O
油	O	O
星	O	O
子	O	O
和	O	O
易	O	O
拉	O	O
罐	O	O
、	O	O
塑	O	O
料	O	O
袋	O	O
、	O	O
纸	O	O
屑	O	O
、	O	O
空	O	O
盒	O	O
等	O	O
废	O	O
物	O	O
脏	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
的	O	O
燕	B	B
塞	M	M
湖	E	E
，	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
不	O	O
亚	O	O
于	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
的	O	O
千	B	O
岛	M	O
湖	E	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
得	O	O
面	O	O
目	O	O
全	O	O
非	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
进	O	O
湖	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
亡	O	O
羊	O	O
补	O	O
牢	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
要	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
燕	B	O
塞	M	O
湖	E	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
调	O	O
理	O	O
成	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
澈	O	O
和	O	O
洁	O	O
净	O	O
了	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
的	O	O
下	B	O
龙	M	O
湾	E	O
，	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
不	O	O
算	O	O
不	O	O
美	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
石	O	O
林	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
誉	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
轮	O	O
游	O	O
览	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
两	O	O
旁	O	O
老	O	O
有	O	O
卖	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
贝	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
商	O	O
船	O	O
跟	O	O
随	O	O
，	O	O
叫	O	O
卖	O	O
声	O	O
不	O	O
绝	O	O
于	O	O
耳	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
融	O	O
入	O	O
下	B	O
龙	M	O
湾	E	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
造	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
你	O	O
说	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
湖	O	O
泊	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
千	O	O
山	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
水	O	O
里	O	O
吧	O	O
？	O	O
可	O	O
泛	O	O
舟	O	O
普	B	B
者	M	M
黑	E	E
却	O	O
绝	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
身	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
单	O	O
人	O	O
驾	O	O
舟	O	O
在	O	O
湖	O	O
里	O	O
挖	O	O
猪	O	O
草	O	O
，	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
湖	O	O
边	O	O
洗	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
剖	O	O
鱼	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
一	O	O
派	O	O
田	O	O
园	O	O
景	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
片	O	O
远	O	O
望	O	O
接	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
巨	O	O
荷	O	O
，	O	O
盖	O	O
住	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
莲	O	O
芰	O	O
生	O	O
烟	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
请	O	O
阿	O	O
良	O	O
将	O	O
小	O	O
船	O	O
划	O	O
进	O	O
荷	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
船	O	O
推	O	O
浪	O	O
移	O	O
，	O	O
菱	O	O
香	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
致	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
船	O	O
入	O	O
闹	O	O
荷	O	O
无	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
红	O	O
莲	O	O
沉	O	O
醉	O	O
白	O	O
莲	O	O
酣	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
阿	O	O
良	O	O
一	O	O
开	O	O
唱	O	O
，	O	O
湖	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
再	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
应	O	O
声	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
接	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
地	O	O
唱	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
船	O	O
尾	O	O
的	O	O
弟	O	O
弟	O	O
接	O	O
替	O	O
他	O	O
唱	O	O
上	O	O
几	O	O
首	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
唱	O	O
得	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
比	O	O
哥	O	O
哥	O	O
要	O	O
差	O	O
远	O	O
了	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
好	O	O
景	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
景	O	O
再	O	O
配	O	O
上	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
难	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
青	O	O
山	O	O
不	O	O
倒	O	O
水	O	O
不	O	O
干	O	O
周	O	O
克	O	O
玉	O	O
嫩	B	O
江	E	O
之	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
倘	O	O
若	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
问	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
最	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
要	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
他	O	O
：	O	O
是	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
几	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
千	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
携	O	O
雷	O	O
带	O	O
电	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
北	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
冰	O	O
天	O	O
雪	O	O
地	O	O
撒	O	O
播	O	O
阳	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
处	O	O
高	O	O
寒	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
无	O	O
霜	O	O
期	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
天	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
在	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
低	O	O
达	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
圣	O	O
诞	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
怕	O	O
白	O	O
髯	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
挂	O	O
满	O	O
长	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
冰	O	O
棱	O	O
。	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
月	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
雁	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
又	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
们	O	O
却	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
岿	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
进	O	O
驻	O	O
算	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
屯	O	O
扎	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
涓	O	O
滴	O	O
成	O	O
溪	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
汗	O	O
，	O	O
浇	O	O
灌	O	O
醒	O	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
亘	O	O
古	O	O
荒	O	O
原	O	O
。	O	O
太	O	O
阳	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
探	O	O
出	O	O
头	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
地	O	O
平	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
却	O	O
已	O	O
泛	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
抹	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
桃	O	O
红	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
游	O	O
览	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
腰	O	O
酸	O	O
腿	O	O
痛	O	O
，	O	O
喘	O	O
气	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
吃	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
走	O	O
走	O	O
歇	O	O
歇	O	O
，	O	O
歇	O	O
歇	O	O
走	O	O
走	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
已	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
攀	O	O
上	O	O
山	O	O
顶	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
叹	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
过	O	O
头	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
下	O	O
山	O	O
。	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
听	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
呼	O	O
唤	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
停	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
环	O	O
视	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
搜	O	O
寻	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
岁	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
片	O	O
刻	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
可	O	O
活	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
死	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
儿	O	O
又	O	O
伫	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
秋	O	O
冬	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
可	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
我	O	O
经	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
狂	O	O
风	O	O
与	O	O
暴	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
雷	O	O
劈	O	O
与	O	O
电	O	O
击	O	O
？	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
烈	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
暴	O	O
晒	O	O
，	O	O
蛀	O	O
虫	O	O
的	O	O
侵	O	O
蚀	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
求	O	O
饶	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
倒	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
生	O	O
死	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
杉	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
例	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
，	O	O
活	O	O
得	O	O
要	O	O
正	O	O
直	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
便	O	O
死	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
正	O	O
直	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
枯	O	O
杉	O	O
不	O	O
语	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
打	O	O
量	O	O
我	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
会	O	O
儿	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
爬	O	O
上	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
山	O	O
顶	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
需	O	O
你	O	O
再	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
努	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
枯	O	O
杉	O	O
啊	O	O
！	O	O
你	O	O
生	O	O
前	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
茁	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
秀	O	O
色	O	O
与	O	O
豪	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
挺	O	O
立	O	O
着	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
死	O	O
后	O	O
你	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
耸	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
绿	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
当	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
着	O	O
不	O	O
屈	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
姿	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
下	O	O
过	O	O
跪	O	O
。	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
你	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
枯	O	O
立	O	O
木	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
忽	O	O
然	O	O
听	O	O
到	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
巨	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
转	O	O
过	O	O
头	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
枯	O	O
杉	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
急	O	O
急	O	O
忙	O	O
忙	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
它	O	O
屹	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
儿	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
枯	O	O
杉	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
遗	O	O
迹	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
株	O	O
青	O	O
嫩	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
冷	O	O
杉	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
晨	O	O
曦	O	O
的	O	O
沐	O	O
浴	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
又	O	O
绕	O	O
到	O	O
某	O	O
个	O	O
约	O	O
定	O	O
俗	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
又	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
物	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
非	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
性	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
与	O	O
展	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
螺	O	O
旋	O	O
形	O	O
跑	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
写	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
果	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
马	O	O
丽	O	O
华	O	O
从	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
来	O	O
京	O	O
，	O	O
拆	O	O
开	O	O
我	O	O
用	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
锡	O	O
箔	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
包	O	O
扎	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
事	O	O
簿	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
叫	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
太	O	O
好	O	O
啦	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
下	O	O
牧	O	O
区	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
本	O	O
子	O	O
！	O	O
赶	O	O
忙	O	O
同	O	O
女	O	O
友	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
索	O	O
要	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
事	O	O
簿	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
料	O	O
她	O	O
冷	O	O
笑	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
你	O	O
不	O	O
感	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
反	O	O
唇	O	O
相	O	O
讥	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
派	O	O
送	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
已	O	O
将	O	O
你	O	O
剔	O	O
除	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
子	O	O
没	O	O
份	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
簿	O	O
子	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
定	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
面	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
赠	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
无	O	O
多	O	O
余	O	O
备	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
已	O	O
山	O	O
穷	O	O
水	O	O
尽	O	O
。	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
侠	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
搞	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
记	O	O
事	O	O
簿	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
寄	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
连	O	O
谢	O	O
她	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
耐	O	O
心	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
从	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
等	O	O
到	O	O
元	O	O
宵	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
清	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
本	O	O
子	O	O
如	O	O
迷	O	O
途	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
鸽	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
飞	O	O
后	O	O
杳	O	O
无	O	O
音	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
从	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
启	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
干	O	O
脆	O	O
自	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
那	O	O
位	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
源	O	O
源	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
给	O	O
你	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
本	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
必	O	O
有	O	O
无	O	O
数	O	O
灵	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
念	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
你	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
飞	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
栖	O	O
息	O	O
驻	O	O
扎	O	O
在	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
纸	O	O
页	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
永	O	O
恒	O	O
。	O	O
酒	O	O
好	O	O
酒	O	O
！	O	O
峨	O	O
眉	O	O
泉	O	O
热	O	O
呼	O	O
呼	O	O
哦	O	O
！	O	O
酒	O	O
窗	O	O
邀	O	O
岷	B	O
山	E	O
共	O	O
释	O	O
愁	O	O
家	O	O
祭	O	O
盼	O	O
告	O	O
中	B	O
原	E	O
收	O	O
与	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
把	O	O
盏	O	O
隔	O	O
海	O	O
同	O	O
饮	O	O
“	O	O
泸	B	B
州	E	E
”	O	O
过	O	O
赤	B	O
壁	E	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
不	O	O
饮	O	O
干	O	O
杯	O	O
！	O	O
酒	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
明	O	O
月	O	O
照	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
逢	O	O
好	O	O
酒	O	O
！	O	O
探	O	O
望	O	O
你	O	O
探	O	O
望	O	O
你	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
想	O	O
她	O	O
呀	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
山	O	O
脉	O	O
黄	O	O
帝	O	O
血	O	O
脉	O	O
绵	O	O
延	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
我	O	O
挥	O	O
挥	O	O
手	O	O
带	O	O
走	O	O
你	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
初	O	O
歇	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
目	O	O
滴	O	O
翠	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
乡	O	O
景	O	O
色	O	O
如	O	O
画	O	O
。	O	O
清	O	O
风	O	O
拂	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
伏	B	O
牛	M	O
山	E	O
深	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
凤	B	B
凰	M	M
岭	M	M
村	E	E
，	O	O
千	O	O
亩	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
园	O	O
无	O	O
声	O	O
摇	O	O
曳	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
碧	O	O
绿	O	O
无	O	O
边	O	O
、	O	O
甜	O	O
蜜	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
，	O	O
陶	O	O
醉	O	O
了	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
走	O	O
近	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
支	O	O
书	O	O
说	O	O
干	O	O
就	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
实	O	O
地	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
从	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
引	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
峰	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
、	O	O
黑	O	O
奥	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
稔	O	O
藤	O	O
等	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
批	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
去	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
渠	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
挖	O	O
槽	O	O
施	O	O
肥	O	O
。	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
苗	O	O
栽	O	O
下	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
守	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
挂	O	O
果	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
滴	O	O
溜	O	O
溜	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
坏	O	O
了	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
摘	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
串	O	O
轮	O	O
着	O	O
尝	O	O
，	O	O
舒	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
眉	O	O
头	O	O
甜	O	O
透	O	O
了	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
月	O	O
也	O	O
跟	O	O
着	O	O
甜	O	O
！	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
观	O	O
望	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
，	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
齐	O	O
上	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
谱	O	O
写	O	O
新	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
乐	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
苗	O	O
苗	O	O
们	O	O
搭	O	O
架	O	O
培	O	O
土	O	O
，	O	O
浇	O	O
水	O	O
施	O	O
肥	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
枝	O	O
打	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
渴	O	O
盼	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
发	O	O
芽	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
挂	O	O
果	O	O
灌	O	O
浆	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
串	O	O
由	O	O
青	O	O
到	O	O
黄	O	O
到	O	O
白	O	O
到	O	O
粉	O	O
红	O	O
到	O	O
淡	O	O
紫	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
夏	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
闯	O	O
进	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
就	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
下	O	O
雪	O	O
了	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
好	O	O
盖	O	O
住	O	O
路	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
境	O	O
稍	O	O
有	O	O
慰	O	O
藉	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
老	O	O
天	O	O
降	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
铺	O	O
天	O	O
盖	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
才	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
阴	O	O
沉	O	O
沉	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
燕	B	B
山	E	E
雪	O	O
花	O	O
大	O	O
如	O	O
席	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
奇	O	O
景	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
气	O	O
馁	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
盼	O	O
着	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
李	O	O
银	O	O
祥	O	O
更	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
苍	B	B
岩	E	E
白	O	O
檀	O	O
似	O	O
无	O	O
皮	O	O
，	O	O
躯	O	O
干	O	O
多	O	O
裂	O	O
开	O	O
中	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
已	O	O
处	O	O
飘	O	O
渺	O	O
垂	O	O
危	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
抬	O	O
头	O	O
细	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
叶	O	O
翠	O	O
欲	O	O
滴	O	O
、	O	O
茂	O	O
密	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
的	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
之	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
问	O	O
导	O	O
游	O	O
，	O	O
白	O	O
檀	O	O
皮	O	O
去	O	O
心	O	O
死	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
以	O	O
根	O	O
深	O	O
叶	O	O
茂	O	O
。	O	O
导	O	O
游	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
正	O	O
面	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
太	B	B
行	E	E
多	O	O
穷	O	O
山	O	O
恶	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
旱	O	O
害	O	O
尤	O	O
甚	O	O
，	O	O
苍	B	B
岩	E	E
也	O	O
概	O	O
莫	O	O
能	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
才	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
牺	O	O
牲	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
皮	O	O
肉	O	O
又	O	O
何	O	O
足	O	O
挂	O	O
齿	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
导	O	O
游	O	O
又	O	O
肃	O	O
然	O	O
起	O	O
敬	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
白	O	O
檀	O	O
，	O	O
神	O	O
树	O	O
啊	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
手	O	O
一	O	O
指	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
瞧	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
只	O	O
见	O	O
其	O	O
健	O	O
硕	O	O
粗	O	O
根	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
地	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
沙	O	O
石	O	O
岩	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
a	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
木	O	O
桩	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
困	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
依	O	O
旧	O	O
肌	O	O
肉	O	O
饱	O	O
满	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
。	O	O
飞	O	O
桥	O	O
是	O	O
苍	B	B
岩	M	M
山	E	E
最	O	O
壮	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
试	O	O
想	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
峙	O	O
而	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
山	O	O
绝	O	O
壁	O	O
间	O	O
用	O	O
石	O	O
块	O	O
砌	O	O
起	O	O
三	O	O
座	O	O
并	O	O
列	O	O
的	O	O
拱	O	O
桥	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
也	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
易	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
三	O	O
四	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
隋	O	O
朝	O	O
；	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
山	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
止	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
桥	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
殿	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
名	O	O
福	B	B
兴	M	M
寺	E	E
，	O	O
乃	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
三	O	O
大	O	O
悬	O	O
空	O	O
寺	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
南	O	O
阳	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
自	O	O
唾	O	O
弃	O	O
宫	O	O
廷	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
出	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
尼	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
魂	O	O
飞	O	O
西	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
苍	B	B
岩	M	M
山	E	E
孤	O	O
灯	O	O
约	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
阳	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
凝	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
苍	B	B
岩	M	M
山	E	E
的	O	O
佛	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
佛	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
鼠	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
味	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
湖	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
天	B	B
门	M	M
市	E	E
杨	B	B
花	M	M
台	M	M
村	E	E
，	O	O
从	O	O
村	O	O
口	O	O
到	O	O
养	O	O
鱼	O	O
池	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
三	O	O
道	O	O
大	O	O
石	O	O
碑	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
书	O	O
『	O	O
钓	O	O
鱼	O	O
止	O	O
步	O	O
』	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
距	O	O
鱼	O	O
池	O	O
六	O	O
百	O	O
米	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
书	O	O
『	O	O
钓	O	O
鱼	O	O
可	O	O
耻	O	O
』	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
鱼	O	O
池	O	O
岸	O	O
边	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
书	O	O
『	O	O
违	O	O
约	O	O
钓	O	O
鱼	O	O
必	O	O
报	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
祖	O	O
孙	O	O
四	O	O
代	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
画	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
荣	O	O
典	O	O
）	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
韦	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
纳	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
愿	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
方	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
中	O	O
法	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
还	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
法	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
提	O	O
及	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
些	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
勤	O	O
工	O	O
俭	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
韦	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
纳	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
段	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
希	O	O
望	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
能	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
光	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
『	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
于	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
者	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
与	O	O
『	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
纵	O	O
深	O	O
行	O	O
』	O	O
组	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
并	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
『	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
和	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
无	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
『	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
』	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
『	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
纵	O	O
深	O	O
行	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
并	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
致	O	O
函	O	O
『	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
纵	O	O
深	O	O
行	O	O
』	O	O
组	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
中	O	O
组	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
下	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
『	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
』	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
深	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
谨	O	O
向	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
抓	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
由	O	O
点	O	O
到	O	O
面	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
将	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
。	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
将	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
委	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
司	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
纵	O	O
深	O	O
行	O	O
”	O	O
组	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
处	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
发	O	O
来	O	O
贺	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
和	O	O
宋	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
秦	O	O
惠	O	O
（	O	O
君	O	O
音	O	O
）	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
李	O	O
政	O	O
道	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
招	O	O
考	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
设	O	O
立	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
后	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
倾	O	O
注	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
病	O	O
危	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
嘱	O	O
李	O	O
政	O	O
道	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
（	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
女	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
秦	O	O
惠	O	O
（	O	O
君	O	O
音	O	O
）	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
政	O	O
道	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
将	O	O
秦	O	O
惠	O	O
（	O	O
君	O	O
音	O	O
）	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
和	O	O
李	O	O
政	O	O
道	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
及	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
捐	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
选	O	O
定	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
中	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
暑	O	O
假	O	O
和	O	O
课	O	O
余	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
并	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
为	O	O
女	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
胡	O	O
锦	O	O
涛	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
等	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
晚	O	O
７	O	O
时	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
欢	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
迎	O	O
宾	O	O
曲	O	O
中	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
场	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
场	O	O
响	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
三	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
驻	O	O
京	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
厅	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
汪	O	O
金	O	O
福	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
维	O	O
伟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	E	E
迎	O	O
春	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
界	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
坦	O	O
诚	O	O
谈	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
同	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
接	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
交	O	O
替	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
要	O	O
早	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
中	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
后	O	O
备	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
素	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
爱	O	O
教	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
贾	O	O
幼	O	O
陵	O	O
与	O	O
肉	O	O
蛋	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
。	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
好	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
喝	O	O
三	O	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
人	O	O
则	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
杯	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
强	O	O
壮	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
、	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
等	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
也	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谢	O	O
国	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
尧	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	B
东	O	E
大	O	O
亚	O	O
湾	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
捷	O	O
报	O	O
：	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
１	O	O
号	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
换	O	O
料	O	O
大	O	O
修	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
机	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
堆	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
单	O	O
机	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
号	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
次	O	O
换	O	O
料	O	O
大	O	O
修	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
并	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
满	O	O
发	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
山	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
垦	B	B
利	M	M
县	E	E
西	B	B
十	M	M
四	M	M
村	E	E
学	O	O
生	O	O
焦	O	O
金	O	O
凤	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
把	O	O
亲	O	O
手	O	O
绘	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
祝	O	O
叔	O	O
叔	O	O
们	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
》	O	O
图	O	O
画	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
她	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
包	O	O
村	O	O
组	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
杜	O	O
延	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
表	O	O
感	O	O
激	O	O
之	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
该	O	O
村	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
资	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
重	O	O
回	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
：	O	O
节	O	O
省	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
商	O	O
应	O	O
“	O	O
招	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
愿	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
比	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
线	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
柔	O	O
性	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
能	O	O
治	O	O
住	O	O
粗	O	O
放	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
？	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
投	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
白	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
择	O	O
优	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
事	O	O
先	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
商	O	O
和	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
商	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
同	O	O
等	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
中	O	O
标	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
投	O	O
标	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
已	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
传	O	O
媒	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
和	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
两	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
用	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
公	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
：	O	O
呼	O	O
唤	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
护	O	O
航	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
从	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
受	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
起	O	O
草	O	O
《	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
投	O	O
标	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
审	O	O
稿	O	O
已	O	O
提	O	O
请	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
沿	O	O
着	O	O
平	O	O
坦	O	O
的	O	O
柏	O	O
油	O	O
马	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
济	B	B
南	E	E
市	O	O
郊	O	O
王	B	O
舍	M	O
人	M	O
镇	E	O
。	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
视	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
镇	O	O
西	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
棵	O	O
小	O	O
柳	O	O
树	O	O
下	O	O
与	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
促	O	O
膝	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
棵	O	O
柳	O	O
树	O	O
便	O	O
被	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
柳	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
昔	O	O
日	O	O
那	O	O
棵	O	O
嫩	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
柳	O	O
树	O	O
已	O	O
长	O	O
成	O	O
枝	O	O
繁	O	O
叶	O	O
茂	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
树	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
种	O	O
田	O	O
比	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
轻	O	O
快	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
剩	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
去	O	O
干	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
把	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
从	O	O
繁	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
去	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
镇	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
机	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
技	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
施	O	O
明	O	O
慎	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
晓	O	O
灵	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
政	O	O
治	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
而	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
适	O	O
时	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
发	O	O
债	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
信	O	O
托	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
发	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
武	O	O
士	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
境	O	O
内	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
币	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
，	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
四	O	O
成	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
转	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
与	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
直	O	O
接	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
的	O	O
为	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
（	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
间	O	O
接	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
转	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
美	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
实	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
稳	O	O
波	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
想	O	O
种	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
稻	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
找	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
稻	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
稻	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
湖	B	B
北	E	E
拥	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
稻	O	O
米	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
米	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
妇	O	O
的	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
提	O	O
醒	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
多	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
味	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
为	O	O
使	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
圳	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
皇	B	O
岗	E	O
、	O	O
文	B	O
锦	M	O
渡	E	O
、	O	O
沙	B	B
头	M	M
角	E	E
、	O	O
蛇	B	O
口	E	O
等	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
都	O	O
增	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
小	O	O
分	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
巡	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
疏	O	O
导	O	O
车	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
缉	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
锦	O	O
渡	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
输	O	O
港	O	O
鲜	O	O
活	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
存	O	O
活	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
调	O	O
配	O	O
人	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
先	O	O
凭	O	O
清	O	O
单	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
再	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
报	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
了	O	O
鲜	O	O
活	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
口	O	O
岸	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
；	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
旅	O	O
检	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
也	O	O
整	O	O
饬	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
使	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
过	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
罗	O	O
湖	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
忙	O	O
时	O	O
加	O	O
开	O	O
地	O	O
库	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
视	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
关	O	O
闸	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
夜	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
过	O	O
关	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
才	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
验	O	O
放	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
西	B	B
湖	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
毁	O	O
林	O	O
案	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
孙	O	O
杰	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
向	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
波	O	O
音	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
订	O	O
购	O	O
７	O	O
架	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
客	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
七	O	O
架	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
访	O	O
美	O	O
时	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
架	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
客	O	O
机	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
７	O	O
架	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
客	O	O
机	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
订	O	O
购	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
架	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
―	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
型	O	O
客	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
山	O	O
东	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
订	O	O
购	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
架	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
―	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
型	O	O
客	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	O	O
焰	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
浦	O	O
东	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
炼	O	O
钢	O	O
炉	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
压	O	O
锭	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
打	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
见	O	O
证	O	O
人	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
锭	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
棉	O	O
纱	O	O
锭	O	O
在	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
摧	O	O
毁	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
“	O	O
粉	O	O
身	O	O
碎	O	O
骨	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
炉	O	O
报	O	O
废	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
敲	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
压	O	O
锭	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
锤	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
敲	O	O
锭	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
将	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
破	O	O
釜	O	O
沉	O	O
舟	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
压	O	O
锭	O	O
、	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
退	O	O
却	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
压	O	O
锭	O	O
为	O	O
契	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
家	O	O
棉	O	O
纺	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
构	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
、	O	O
装	O	O
饰	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
用	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
品	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
高	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
主	O	O
业	O	O
扭	O	O
亏	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
汽	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
蒋	O	O
志	O	O
伟	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
供	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
用	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
桑	O	O
塔	O	O
纳	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
型	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
照	O	O
选	O	O
装	O	O
型	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
漆	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
其	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
门	O	O
锁	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
动	O	O
摇	O	O
窗	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
寸	O	O
铝	O	O
圈	O	O
等	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
项	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
限	O	O
价	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
非	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
型	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
用	O	O
车	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
附	O	O
配	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
供	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
、	O	O
租	O	O
赁	O	O
专	O	O
用	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
限	O	O
价	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
实	O	O
宝	O	O
来	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
是	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
游	O	O
乐	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
海	O	O
盗	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
控	O	O
空	O	O
战	O	O
机	O	O
等	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
林	O	O
文	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
克	O	O
劳	O	O
斯	O	O
顿	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
汽	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
华	O	O
中	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
轮	O	O
胎	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
建	O	O
成	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
占	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
方	O	O
占	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
翻	O	O
新	O	O
轮	O	O
胎	O	O
可	O	O
达	O	O
三	O	O
万	O	O
条	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
于	O	O
烈	O	O
）	O	O
丁	O	O
衡	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
千	O	O
奋	O	O
勇	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
思	O	O
忠	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
力	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
大	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
兆	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
其	O	O
超	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
思	O	O
齐	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
森	O	O
浩	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
德	O	O
瑛	O	O
、	O	O
毛	O	O
致	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
鸿	O	O
勋	O	O
、	O	O
左	O	O
连	O	O
璧	O	O
、	O	O
厉	O	O
有	O	O
为	O	O
、	O	O
龙	O	O
志	O	O
毅	O	O
（	O	O
彝	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
选	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
期	O	O
玉	O	O
、	O	O
史	O	O
大	O	O
桢	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
立	O	O
忱	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
克	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
吕	O	O
传	O	O
赞	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
训	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
光	O	O
亚	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
治	O	O
宏	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
善	O	O
卿	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
树	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
正	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
枫	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
夫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
延	O	O
东	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
国	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
启	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
奇	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
颔	O	O
、	O	O
杜	O	O
诚	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
文	O	O
珊	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
文	O	O
卿	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
希	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
汝	O	O
岱	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
振	O	O
杰	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
建	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
光	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
汉	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
德	O	O
敏	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
太	O	O
恒	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
文	O	O
彬	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
全	O	O
景	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
岳	O	O
琦	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
勃	O	O
兴	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
思	O	O
卿	O	O
、	O	O
陆	O	O
懋	O	O
曾	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
虹	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
广	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
玉	O	O
益	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
顺	O	O
恒	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
俊	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
辉	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
锦	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
英	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
固	O	O
辉	O	O
、	O	O
岳	O	O
岐	O	O
峰	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
文	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
敬	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
科	O	O
扬	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
南	O	O
起	O	O
（	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
登	O	O
举	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
启	O	O
立	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
异	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
燮	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
聂	O	O
荣	O	O
贵	O	O
、	O	O
贾	O	O
那	O	O
布	O	O
尔	O	O
（	O	O
哈	O	O
萨	O	O
克	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
顾	O	O
云	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
正	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
惟	O	O
诚	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
荣	O	O
昌	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
裕	O	O
怀	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
德	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
曹	O	O
克	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
蒋	O	O
民	O	O
宽	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
应	O	O
选	O	O
（	O	O
撒	O	O
拉	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
连	O	O
昌	O	O
、	O	O
傅	O	O
立	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
傅	O	O
锡	O	O
寿	O	O
、	O	O
游	O	O
德	O	O
馨	O	O
、	O	O
谭	O	O
庆	O	O
琏	O	O
、	O	O
戴	O	O
学	O	O
江	O	O
丁	O	O
霄	O	O
霖	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
丰	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
玉	O	O
柱	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
皓	O	O
茹	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
耀	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
韦	O	O
苇	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孔	O	O
令	O	O
仁	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
笃	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
克	O	O
熙	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
宏	O	O
顺	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
铭	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
振	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
江	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
伉	O	O
铁	O	O
保	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
志	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
景	O	O
波	O	O
、	O	O
许	O	O
柏	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
利	O	O
君	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
大	O	O
诚	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
正	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
修	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
声	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
邹	O	O
逸	O	O
麟	O	O
、	O	O
沈	O	O
立	O	O
恭	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
瑜	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
圣	O	O
坤	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
存	O	O
浩	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
克	O	O
俭	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
宝	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
厚	O	O
粲	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
君	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
涵	O	O
先	O	O
、	O	O
岳	O	O
书	O	O
仓	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
宜	O	O
兴	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
兰	O	O
荪	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
泽	O	O
根	O	O
（	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孟	O	O
庆	O	O
丽	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
功	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
政	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
柏	O	O
均	O	O
和	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
俞	O	O
海	O	O
潮	O	O
、	O	O
贺	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
行	O	O
霈	O	O
、	O	O
都	O	O
本	O	O
洁	O	O
、	O	O
聂	O	O
向	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
伟	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
倪	O	O
国	O	O
熙	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
辉	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
吉	O	O
浣	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
更	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
晓	O	O
宇	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
克	O	O
美	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陶	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
景	O	O
钧	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
超	O	O
然	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
大	O	O
建	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
南	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
傅	O	O
仙	O	O
罗	O	O
、	O	O
游	O	O
清	O	O
泉	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
蕾	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
亨	O	O
顺	O	O
、	O	O
詹	O	O
伯	O	O
慧	O	O
、	O	O
黎	O	O
乐	O	O
民	O	O
王	O	O
立	O	O
平	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
佐	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
尹	O	O
幼	O	O
奇	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
伟	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
石	O	O
锦	O	O
辉	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
至	O	O
善	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
运	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
奕	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
恒	O	O
椽	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
锦	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
麦	O	O
赐	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
严	O	O
尧	O	O
卿	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
金	O	O
培	O	O
、	O	O
余	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
慧	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
凌	O	O
孚	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
益	O	O
群	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
舜	O	O
礼	O	O
、	O	O
苗	O	O
永	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
苟	O	O
建	O	O
丽	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
逸	O	O
、	O	O
郝	O	O
承	O	O
瑞	O	O
、	O	O
段	O	O
成	O	O
桂	O	O
、	O	O
俞	O	O
曙	O	O
霞	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
祖	O	O
亮	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
文	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
燕	O	O
杰	O	O
、	O	O
梅	O	O
向	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
冰	O	O
心	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
楚	O	O
庄	O	O
、	O	O
窦	O	O
瑞	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
述	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
睿	O	O
贤	O	O
、	O	O
德	O	O
继	O	O
民	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
穆	O	O
学	O	O
明	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
王	O	O
忠	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
文	O	O
虎	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
炯	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
惠	O	O
君	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
许	O	O
克	O	O
敏	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
兆	O	O
旋	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
纪	O	O
珂	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
明	O	O
熹	O	O
、	O	O
邱	O	O
国	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
汉	O	O
彬	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
洪	O	O
铎	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
家	O	O
悦	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
子	O	O
亮	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
豪	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
畅	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
守	O	O
仪	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
俞	O	O
云	O	O
波	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
津	O	O
培	O	O
王	O	O
琼	O	O
瑛	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
石	O	O
四	O	O
箴	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
富	O	O
达	O	O
（	O	O
高	O	O
山	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
小	O	O
和	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
纯	O	O
粹	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
敏	O	O
宽	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
震	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
国	O	O
祯	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
克	O	O
辉	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
正	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
仲	O	O
颐	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
荣	O	O
驾	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
森	O	O
吉	O	O
（	O	O
高	O	O
山	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
文	O	O
漪	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
东	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
盛	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
励	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
仁	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
子	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
海	O	O
金	O	O
乌	O	O
兰	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
巴	O	O
音	O	O
朝	O	O
鲁	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
金	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
俞	O	O
贵	O	O
麟	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
大	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
永	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
祝	O	O
庆	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
颖	O	O
（	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
薛	O	O
潮	O	O
丁	O	O
凤	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
小	O	O
风	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
玉	O	O
珏	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
光	O	O
美	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
晓	O	O
棠	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
淑	O	O
贤	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
韦	O	O
钰	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
天	O	O
长	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
小	O	O
梅	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
俐	O	O
洛	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
掬	O	O
芬	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
天	O	O
骄	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
维	O	O
祯	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
理	O	O
达	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
远	O	O
征	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
士	O	O
华	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
海	O	O
荣	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
敏	O	O
如	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
米	O	O
逸	O	O
颖	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
毓	O	O
敏	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杜	O	O
毅	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
巫	O	O
昌	O	O
祯	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
莎	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
嘉	O	O
音	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
拯	O	O
美	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
文	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
邹	O	O
竞	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
应	O	O
伊	O	O
利	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
锦	O	O
秋	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
红	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
秀	O	O
芳	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
邵	O	O
华	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
瑞	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
天	O	O
婵	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
翔	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
秀	O	O
云	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
秀	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
桂	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
正	O	O
芝	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
启	O	O
恒	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
柯	O	O
兰	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
钟	O	O
佩	O	O
珩	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
段	O	O
存	O	O
华	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
宣	O	O
平	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
秦	O	O
怡	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
晴	O	O
棠	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
月	O	O
芳	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
华	O	O
筠	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
梦	O	O
玲	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
紫	O	O
玉	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
龚	O	O
如	O	O
心	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
康	O	O
泠	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
尉	O	O
中	O	O
民	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
彭	O	O
嘉	O	O
柔	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
敬	O	O
一	O	O
丹	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
蒋	O	O
秋	O	O
霞	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
谭	O	O
小	O	O
亭	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
樊	O	O
锦	O	O
诗	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
复	O	O
兰	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
卜	O	O
仲	O	O
宽	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
熙	O	O
钟	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
长	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
介	O	O
璋	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
翔	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
玉	O	O
锁	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
茂	O	O
祥	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
祥	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
植	O	O
时	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
鹤	O	O
龄	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
毓	O	O
棠	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
志	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
国	O	O
纪	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
宝	O	O
珊	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
世	O	O
宜	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
来	O	O
春	O	O
、	O	O
吉	O	O
普	O	O
・	O	O
顿	O	O
珠	O	O
平	O	O
措	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
文	O	O
榘	O	O
、	O	O
伍	O	O
廷	O	O
宪	O	O
（	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
文	O	O
燕	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
运	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
庄	O	O
荣	O	O
昌	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
永	O	O
好	O	O
、	O	O
许	O	O
连	O	O
捷	O	O
、	O	O
许	O	O
智	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
安	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
孚	O	O
凌	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
正	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
红	O	O
平	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
静	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
宇	O	O
鸿	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
安	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
念	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
祖	O	O
可	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
晓	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
一	O	O
坚	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
惠	O	O
天	O	O
、	O	O
汪	O	O
远	O	O
思	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
德	O	O
福	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
玉	O	O
麟	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
不	O	O
都	O	O
热	O	O
依	O	O
木	O	O
・	O	O
阿	O	O
吉	O	O
依	O	O
明	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
春	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
兆	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
欧	O	O
云	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
异	O	O
、	O	O
冼	O	O
笃	O	O
信	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
叔	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
家	O	O
兴	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
德	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
钮	O	O
守	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
育	O	O
钧	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
夏	O	O
守	O	O
春	O	O
、	O	O
柴	O	O
宝	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
乙	O	O
余	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
冠	O	O
巨	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
占	O	O
春	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
凉	O	O
尘	O	O
、	O	O
章	O	O
崇	O	O
任	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
志	O	O
敏	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
伟	O	O
、	O	O
翦	O	O
英	O	O
海	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
广	O	O
田	O	O
石	O	O
四	O	O
皓	O	O
、	O	O
石	O	O
静	O	O
如	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
桂	O	O
芬	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
思	O	O
泽	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
庆	O	O
洲	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
英	O	O
辅	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
亨	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
玲	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
遒	O	O
北	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
范	O	O
乐	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
明	O	O
月	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
荣	O	O
茂	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
毅	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
允	O	O
谋	O	O
、	O	O
章	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
华	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
重	O	O
郎	O	O
刀	O	O
美	O	O
兰	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
傣	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
洋	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
庆	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
志	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
魁	O	O
智	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
才	O	O
旦	O	O
卓	O	O
玛	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
万	O	O
山	O	O
红	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
季	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
玉	O	O
涛	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
博	O	O
敏	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
蒙	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
习	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
仁	O	O
杰	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
为	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
世	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
立	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
成	O	O
喜	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
兴	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
好	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
林	O	O
旭	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
明	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
铁	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
铁	O	O
城	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
爱	O	O
爱	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
馥	O	O
荔	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
尹	O	O
瘦	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
巴	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
友	O	O
梅	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
少	O	O
兰	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
惠	O	O
贤	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
蔓	O	O
莎	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
雪	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
淑	O	O
湘	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
小	O	O
宁	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
骥	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
尼	O	O
玛	O	O
泽	O	O
仁	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
边	O	O
发	O	O
吉	O	O
、	O	O
邢	O	O
籁	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
巩	O	O
俐	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
毕	O	O
克	O	O
官	O	O
、	O	O
吐	O	O
尔	O	O
逊	O	O
・	O	O
尤	O	O
努	O	O
斯	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
乃	O	O
正	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
习	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
秀	O	O
荣	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
秀	O	O
荣	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
国	O	O
典	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
忠	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
秉	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
诗	O	O
昆	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
勃	O	O
舒	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
炳	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
德	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
燕	O	O
平	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
玛	O	O
拉	O	O
沁	O	O
夫	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
克	O	O
里	O	O
木	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杜	O	O
近	O	O
芳	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杜	O	O
鸣	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
准	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
羚	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
燕	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
世	O	O
济	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
存	O	O
葆	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
光	O	O
羲	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
谷	O	O
一	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
承	O	O
淑	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
前	O	O
宽	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
致	O	O
忠	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
维	O	O
康	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
默	O	O
然	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
伟	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
春	O	O
霞	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
秋	O	O
玲	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
峰	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
冠	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
祖	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
雁	O	O
泽	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
天	O	O
宠	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
家	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
邹	O	O
德	O	O
华	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
闵	O	O
惠	O	O
芬	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
汪	O	O
世	O	O
瑜	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
锲	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
千	O	O
一	O	O
（	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
艺	O	O
谋	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
贤	O	O
亮	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
学	O	O
津	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
德	O	O
勤	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
依	O	O
吐	O	O
拉	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
钢	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
铎	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
翘	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
醉	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
J	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
玉	O	O
凤	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
佐	O	O
湟	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
昌	O	O
本	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
育	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
晓	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
季	O	O
梅	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
耀	O	O
基	O	O
、	O	O
尚	O	O
长	O	O
荣	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
扬	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
铁	O	O
林	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
青	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
士	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
有	O	O
亮	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
喜	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
芝	O	O
风	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
松	O	O
华	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
和	O	O
颜	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
钟	O	O
振	O	O
发	O	O
（	O	O
畲	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
姚	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
姚	O	O
珠	O	O
珠	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
敖	O	O
德	O	O
木	O	O
勒	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
世	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
袁	O	O
运	O	O
甫	O	O
、	O	O
莫	O	O
德	O	O
格	O	O
玛	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
贾	O	O
平	O	O
凹	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
文	O	O
伯	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
庆	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
怀	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
启	O	O
雄	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
晓	O	O
钟	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
占	O	O
祥	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
怡	O	O
Q	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
淑	O	O
子	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
婉	O	O
秋	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
蜀	O	O
芹	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
新	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
梅	O	O
葆	O	O
玖	O	O
、	O	O
盛	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
、	O	O
崔	O	O
美	O	O
善	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
崔	O	O
善	O	O
玉	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
浩	O	O
然	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
良	O	O
辉	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
美	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
十	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
傅	O	O
庚	O	O
辰	O	O
、	O	O
焦	O	O
祖	O	O
尧	O	O
、	O	O
舒	O	O
乙	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
晋	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
雨	O	O
辰	O	O
、	O	O
靳	O	O
尚	O	O
谊	O	O
、	O	O
詹	O	O
建	O	O
俊	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
鲍	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
正	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
裴	O	O
艳	O	O
玲	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
谭	O	O
元	O	O
寿	O	O
、	O	O
翟	O	O
泰	O	O
丰	O	O
、	O	O
滕	O	O
进	O	O
贤	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
虹	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
霞	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
公	O	O
凯	O	O
、	O	O
魏	O	O
明	O	O
伦	O	O
王	O	O
曦	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
庆	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
守	O	O
昌	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
忍	O	O
之	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
瑞	O	O
璞	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
楚	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
翰	O	O
香	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
卞	O	O
耀	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
之	O	O
超	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
小	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
廷	O	O
芳	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
钢	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
乔	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
作	O	O
霖	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
吉	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
汉	O	O
铨	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
茂	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
海	O	O
藩	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
鸿	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
景	O	O
录	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
汝	O	O
信	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
家	O	O
瑶	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
秀	O	O
恒	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
京	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
学	O	O
勤	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
斌	O	O
城	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
春	O	O
贵	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
海	O	O
坤	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
元	O	O
迈	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
余	O	O
敦	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
林	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
卓	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
椿	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
毅	O	O
君	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
威	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
春	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
漱	O	O
渝	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
茂	O	O
灿	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
冲	O	O
及	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
天	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
叔	O	O
莲	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
君	O	O
健	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
曜	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
彦	O	O
修	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
继	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
俞	O	O
荣	O	O
根	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
殿	O	O
铭	O	O
、	O	O
恰	O	O
贝	O	O
・	O	O
次	O	O
旦	O	O
平	O	O
措	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
夏	O	O
家	O	O
骏	O	O
（	O	O
土	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陶	O	O
一	O	O
凡	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
齐	O	O
陶	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
高	O	O
谦	O	O
、	O	O
曹	O	O
康	O	O
泰	O	O
、	O	O
龚	O	O
育	O	O
之	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
中	O	O
堂	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
雄	O	O
健	O	O
、	O	O
谌	O	O
取	O	O
荣	O	O
、	O	O
喻	O	O
权	O	O
域	O	O
、	O	O
靳	O	O
辉	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
义	O	O
江	O	O
、	O	O
樊	O	O
骏	O	O
、	O	O
瞿	O	O
世	O	O
镜	O	O
于	O	O
宗	O	O
周	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
振	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
颖	O	O
刚	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
智	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
秀	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
正	O	O
襄	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
均	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
母	O	O
秋	O	O
华	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
伯	O	O
芳	O	O
、	O	O
乔	O	O
振	O	O
先	O	O
、	O	O
华	O	O
福	O	O
周	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
于	O	O
鹤	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
广	O	O
运	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
秀	O	O
晨	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
济	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
雪	O	O
兰	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
齐	O	O
凤	O	O
鸣	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
仁	O	O
霖	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
成	O	O
荃	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
钟	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
邦	O	O
杰	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
庆	O	O
凯	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
志	O	O
福	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
万	O	O
钧	O	O
、	O	O
沈	O	O
茂	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
沈	O	O
国	O	O
舫	O	O
、	O	O
沈	O	O
桂	O	O
芳	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
红	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
波	O	O
屏	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
建	O	O
岳	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
春	O	O
园	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
英	O	O
旭	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
昌	O	O
洁	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
厚	O	O
群	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
开	O	O
钦	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
而	O	O
达	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
道	O	O
超	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
乃	O	O
如	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
大	O	O
荣	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
法	O	O
箴	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
子	O	O
诚	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
洪	O	O
凯	O	O
、	O	O
侯	O	O
捷	O	O
、	O	O
闻	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
洪	O	O
惠	O	O
馨	O	O
、	O	O
祝	O	O
源	O	O
又	O	O
、	O	O
骆	O	O
少	O	O
君	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
格	O	O
桑	O	O
尼	O	O
玛	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
夏	O	O
文	O	O
江	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
一	O	O
鸣	O	O
、	O	O
唐	O	O
纪	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
桑	O	O
以	O	O
琳	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
璜	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
大	O	O
P	O	O
、	O	O
曹	O	O
文	O	O
宣	O	O
、	O	O
曹	O	O
幸	O	O
穗	O	O
、	O	O
常	O	O
近	O	O
时	O	O
、	O	O
符	O	O
气	O	O
浩	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
国	O	O
鲁	O	O
（	O	O
土	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
季	O	O
阳	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
庆	O	O
周	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
志	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
华	O	O
安	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
明	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
道	O	O
宏	O	O
、	O	O
靳	O	O
晋	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
延	O	O
松	O	O
、	O	O
谭	O	O
素	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
土	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黎	O	O
汉	O	O
云	O	O
马	O	O
俊	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
晓	O	O
春	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
义	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
麦	O	O
久	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
君	O	O
梅	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
小	O	O
双	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
群	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
天	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
发	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
燮	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
运	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
凤	O	O
荣	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
郎	O	O
平	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
洪	O	O
祖	O	O
杭	O	O
、	O	O
祝	O	O
嘉	O	O
铭	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
健	O	O
、	O	O
楼	O	O
大	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
樊	O	O
庆	O	O
斌	O	O
马	O	O
西	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
天	O	O
佑	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
立	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
孝	O	O
涛	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
灿	O	O
晖	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
贤	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
相	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
智	O	O
琼	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
德	O	O
炳	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
东	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
廷	O	O
钰	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
积	O	O
乾	O	O
、	O	O
火	O	O
树	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
巴	O	O
德	O	O
年	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
龙	O	O
致	O	O
贤	O	O
、	O	O
印	O	O
木	O	O
泉	O	O
、	O	O
冯	O	O
世	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
天	O	O
慧	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
元	O	O
珏	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
智	O	O
勇	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
永	O	O
纲	O	O
、	O	O
祁	O	O
秉	O	O
文	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
许	O	O
鹿	O	O
希	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
曼	O	O
霁	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
隆	O	O
椿	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
靖	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
毓	O	O
庆	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
向	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
连	O	O
达	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
宏	O	O
为	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
炎	O	O
唐	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
辅	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
博	O	O
亚	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
蔚	O	O
然	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
瑞	O	O
荣	O	O
、	O	O
迟	O	O
宝	O	O
荣	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
友	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
冬	O	O
梅	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
均	O	O
田	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
树	O	O
兰	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
铁	O	O
良	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
蕴	O	O
增	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
震	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
鹤	O	O
镛	O	O
、	O	O
陆	O	O
广	O	O
莘	O	O
、	O	O
陆	O	O
道	O	O
培	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
志	O	O
哲	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
绍	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
雅	O	O
棠	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
琼	O	O
光	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
爱	O	O
伦	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
良	O	O
辅	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
超	O	O
凡	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
法	O	O
雷	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
学	O	O
铭	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
谨	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
锡	O	O
琪	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
熙	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
哈	O	O
孝	O	O
贤	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
钟	O	B
南	O	M
山	O	E
、	O	O
钟	O	O
毓	O	O
斌	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
侯	O	O
惠	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
耿	O	O
德	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
贻	O	O
简	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
永	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
应	O	O
禄	O	O
、	O	O
桑	O	O
国	O	O
卫	O	O
、	O	O
措	O	O
如	O	O
・	O	O
次	O	O
朗	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
人	O	O
健	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
敬	O	O
孚	O	O
、	O	O
斯	O	O
琴	O	O
其	O	O
木	O	O
格	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
葛	O	O
炳	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
志	O	O
伟	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
秦	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
向	O	O
阳	O	O
、	O	O
傅	O	O
莱	O	O
、	O	O
傅	O	O
世	O	O
垣	O	O
、	O	O
傅	O	O
民	O	O
魁	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
因	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
强	O	O
亦	O	O
忠	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
世	O	O
雄	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
忠	O	O
震	O	O
、	O	O
廖	O	O
文	O	O
海	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
樊	O	O
寻	O	O
梅	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
樊	O	O
明	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
戴	O	O
克	O	O
戎	O	O
、	O	O
鞠	O	O
躬	O	O
、	O	O
魏	O	O
民	O	O
万	O	O
选	O	O
蓉	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
彝	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
朴	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
甘	O	O
柏	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
汉	O	O
彬	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
启	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
许	O	O
德	O	O
馨	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
柏	O	O
秋	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
岩	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
文	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
汉	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
海	O	O
迪	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
君	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
范	O	O
宝	O	O
俊	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
绍	O	O
明	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
苏	O	O
薇	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
侯	O	O
希	O	O
贵	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
颂	O	O
陶	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
郭	O	O
本	O	O
瑜	O	O
、	O	O
常	O	O
崇	O	O
煊	O	O
、	O	O
额	O	O
尔	O	O
敦	O	O
陶	O	O
吐	O	O
格	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
丁	O	O
光	O	O
训	O	O
、	O	O
刀	O	O
述	O	O
仁	O	O
（	O	O
傣	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
贤	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
万	O	O
全	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
安	O	O
泰	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
进	O	O
成	O	O
（	O	O
东	O	O
乡	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
良	O	O
骥	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
英	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
光	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
仁	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
乌	O	O
兰	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
福	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
纳	O	O
・	O	O
加	O	O
央	O	O
克	O	O
珠	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
伍	O	O
并	O	O
亚	O	O
・	O	O
温	O	O
撒	O	O
（	O	O
傣	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
伍	O	O
贻	O	O
业	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
法	O	O
融	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
元	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
怀	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
柏	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
雅	O	O
敬	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
景	O	O
和	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
士	O	O
伟	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
锡	O	O
培	O	O
、	O	O
买	O	O
买	O	O
提	O	O
・	O	O
赛	O	O
来	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
贡	O	O
唐	O	O
仓	O	O
・	O	O
丹	O	O
贝	O	O
旺	O	O
旭	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
却	O	O
西	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
德	O	O
慈	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
承	O	O
荣	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
爱	O	O
恩	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
闵	O	B
智	O	M
亭	O	E
、	O	O
沈	O	O
遐	O	O
熙	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
沈	O	O
德	O	O
溶	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
继	O	O
禹	O	O
、	O	O
陆	O	O
明	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
米	O	O
提	O	O
・	O	O
麻	O	O
木	O	O
提	O	O
（	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
纳	O	O
国	O	O
祥	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
范	O	O
承	O	O
祖	O	O
、	O	O
郁	O	O
成	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
冠	O	O
宗	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
鲁	O	O
贤	O	O
、	O	O
净	O	O
慧	O	O
、	O	O
宛	O	O
耀	O	O
宾	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
兴	O	O
耀	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
朴	O	O
初	O	O
、	O	O
珠	O	O
康	O	O
・	O	O
土	O	O
登	O	O
克	O	O
珠	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
根	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
夏	O	O
立	O	O
宛	O	O
（	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
桑	O	O
顶	O	O
・	O	O
多	O	O
吉	O	O
帕	O	O
姆	O	O
・	O	O
德	O	O
庆	O	O
曲	O	O
珍	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
萨	O	O
隆	O	O
・	O	O
平	O	O
拉	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
曹	O	O
圣	O	O
洁	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
光	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
文	O	O
藻	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
生	O	O
贵	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
策	O	O
墨	O	O
林	O	O
・	O	O
单	O	O
增	O	O
赤	O	O
列	O	O
（	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
释	O	O
圣	O	O
辉	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
生	O	O
林	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
世	O	O
银	O	O
、	O	O
蔡	O	O
约	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
熊	O	O
伯	O	O
响	O	O
马	O	O
万	O	O
祺	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
有	O	O
礼	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
孝	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
启	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
衍	O	O
泉	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
成	O	O
俊	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
俊	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
福	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
荣	O	O
恪	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
玉	O	O
棠	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
鸿	O	O
（	O	O
申	O	O
音	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
柯	O	O
小	O	O
刚	O	O
、	O	O
钟	O	O
立	O	O
雄	O	O
、	O	O
贺	O	O
定	O	O
一	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
枫	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
耀	O	O
荣	O	O
、	O	O
曹	O	O
其	O	O
真	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
崔	O	O
耀	O	O
、	O	O
崔	O	O
世	O	O
昌	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
仲	O	O
虬	O	O
、	O	O
梁	O	O
秀	O	O
珍	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
廖	O	O
泽	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
颜	O	O
延	O	O
龄	O	O
、	O	O
潘	O	O
汉	O	O
荣	O	O
雷	O	O
洁	O	O
琼	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
驻	O	O
华	O	O
使	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
马	B	O
达	M	O
加	M	O
斯	M	O
加	E	O
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
让	O	O
・	O	O
雅	O	O
克	O	O
・	O	O
莫	O	O
里	O	O
斯	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
致	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
官	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
活	O	O
泼	O	O
和	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
南	M	M
海	M	M
紫	M	M
光	M	M
阁	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
韦	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
纳	O	O
。	O	O
韦	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
纳	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
五	O	O
月	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
元	O	O
首	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
在	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
中	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
是	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
愿	O	O
意	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
对	O	O
李	O	O
政	O	O
道	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
科	O	O
技	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
政	O	O
道	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
华	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
台	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
受	O	O
南	O	O
下	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
暖	O	O
湿	O	O
气	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
湘	O	O
、	O	O
赣	O	O
、	O	O
浙	O	O
等	O	O
省	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
强	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
或	O	O
雨	O	O
夹	O	O
雪	O	O
。	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
云	B	B
贵	M	M
高	M	M
原	E	E
阴	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
或	O	O
雨	O	O
夹	O	O
雪	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
少	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
晴	O	O
到	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
；	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
转	O	O
受	O	O
高	O	O
空	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
脊	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
晴	O	O
朗	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
瑞	B	O
士	E	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
德	O	O
拉	O	O
米	O	O
拉	O	O
、	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
副	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
兼	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
拉	O	O
托	O	O
、	O	O
比	B	B
利	M	M
时	M	M
王	M	M
国	E	E
副	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
兼	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
迈	O	O
斯	O	O
塔	O	O
特	O	O
、	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
布	O	O
里	O	O
坦	O	O
和	O	O
丹	O	B
麦	O	E
王	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
对	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
四	O	O
国	O	O
及	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
涅	O	O
姆	O	O
佐	O	O
夫	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
参	O	O
加	O	O
中	O	O
俄	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
分	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
术	O	O
峰	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
晓	O	O
钟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
提	O	O
案	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	B
国	O	M
政	O	M
协	O	M
礼	O	M
堂	O	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
朱	O	O
训	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
提	O	O
案	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
周	O	O
绍	O	O
铮	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
术	O	O
峰	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
晓	O	O
钟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
已	O	O
故	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
。	O	O
叶	O	O
选	O	O
平	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
、	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
同	O	O
至	O	O
亲	O	O
至	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
伴	O	O
侣	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
友	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
顺	O	O
境	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
逆	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
并	O	O
肩	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
与	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
呼	O	O
吸	O	O
共	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
和	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
姐	O	O
、	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
私	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
携	O	O
起	O	O
手	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
地	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
和	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
迎	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
洙	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
道	O	O
诚	O	O
及	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
界	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
傅	O	O
铁	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
冠	O	O
京	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
文	O	O
藻	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
宗	O	O
信	O	O
等	O	O
也	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
总	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
多	O	O
吉	O	O
才	O	O
让	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
并	O	O
祝	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
与	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
和	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
吉	O	O
才	O	O
让	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
拥	O	O
军	O	O
优	O	O
属	O	O
、	O	O
拥	O	O
政	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
军	O	O
民	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
优	O	O
抚	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
拥	O	O
军	O	O
优	O	O
属	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
与	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
若	O	O
斯	O	O
潘	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
作	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
在	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
开	O	O
设	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
驻	O	O
华	O	O
总	O	O
领	O	O
馆	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
涯	O	O
哨	O	O
兵	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
洛	B	B
阳	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
朝	O	O
中	O	O
）	O	O
洛	O	B
阳	O	M
市	O	E
花	O	O
卉	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
冬	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
都	O	O
洛	B	B
阳	E	E
带	O	O
来	O	O
浓	O	O
浓	O	O
春	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
洛	B	B
阳	M	M
市	E	E
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
红	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
、	O	O
蓝	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
、	O	O
粉	O	O
、	O	O
绿	O	O
、	O	O
紫	O	O
、	O	O
黑	O	O
八	O	O
色	O	O
俱	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
间	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
洛	B	B
阳	E	M
园	O	E
艺	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
让	O	O
花	O	O
在	O	O
寒	O	O
冬	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
盛	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
展	O	O
室	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
几	O	O
万	O	O
盆	O	O
名	O	O
优	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
争	O	O
奇	O	O
斗	O	O
艳	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
人	O	O
选	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
王	O	O
兆	O	O
国	O	O
受	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
交	O	O
替	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
留	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
人	O	O
选	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
时	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
了	O	O
将	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
人	O	O
选	O	O
中	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
（	O	O
含	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
的	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
兆	O	O
国	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
就	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
联	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
的	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
及	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
、	O	O
界	O	O
别	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
、	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
各	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
酝	O	O
酿	O	O
、	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
、	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
草	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
请	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
并	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
同	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
应	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
亚	O	O
欧	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
亚	O	O
欧	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
亚	O	O
欧	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
法	O	O
均	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
会	O	O
议	O	O
以	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
亚	O	O
欧	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
烟	B	B
台	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
徐	O	O
冰	O	O
）	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
烟	B	B
台	M	M
市	E	E
颇	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
意	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
、	O	O
晚	O	O
报	O	O
上	O	O
亮	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
年	O	O
饭	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
谱	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
让	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
味	O	O
、	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
在	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
烟	B	B
台	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
年	O	O
饭	O	O
”	O	O
分	O	O
街	O	O
头	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
灯	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
元	O	O
宵	O	O
焰	O	O
火	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
等	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
。	O	O
干	O	O
休	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
休	O	O
所	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
为	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
赴	O	O
汤	O	O
蹈	O	O
火	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
前	O	O
辈	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
安	O	O
度	O	O
晚	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
见	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
来	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
和	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O
远	O	O
望	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
敖	O	O
维	O	O
忠	O	O
拉	O	O
着	O	O
老	O	O
前	O	O
辈	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
给	O	O
老	O	O
红	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	O
前	O	O
辈	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
敬	O	O
仰	O	O
之	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
吃	O	O
过	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
流	O	O
过	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
过	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
长	O	O
寿	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
杰	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
友	O	O
协	O	O
中	O	O
波	O	O
友	O	O
协	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
友	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
齐	O	O
怀	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
昊	O	O
苏	O	O
也	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
茶	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
传	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
李	O	O
登	O	O
柱	O	O
传	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
尹	O	O
克	O	O
升	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
三	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
；	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
党	O	O
纪	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
；	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
；	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
执	O	O
纪	O	O
不	O	O
严	O	O
、	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
不	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
玉	O	O
文	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
为	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
更	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
引	O	O
向	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
倡	O	O
廉	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
把	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
住	O	O
管	O	O
好	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
照	O	O
章	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
勉	O	O
励	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
辱	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
、	O	O
忠	O	O
于	O	O
职	O	O
守	O	O
、	O	O
任	O	O
劳	O	O
任	O	O
怨	O	O
、	O	O
勤	O	O
奋	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	B
南	O	M
省	O	E
海	O	O
药	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
部	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
林	O	O
×	O	O
×	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
辛	O	O
业	O	O
江	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
“	O	O
李	O	O
五	O	O
成	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
海	O	O
盛	O	O
船	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
业	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
辛	O	O
业	O	O
江	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
周	O	O
×	O	O
×	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
辛	O	O
业	O	O
江	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
又	O	O
将	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
辛	O	O
业	O	O
江	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
辛	O	O
业	O	O
江	O	O
收	O	O
受	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
钱	O	O
物	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	B
南	O	M
省	O	E
证	O	O
券	O	O
委	O	O
推	O	O
举	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
两	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
投	O	O
了	O	O
赞	O	O
成	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
上	O	O
报	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
证	O	O
监	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
书	O	O
上	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
库	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
的	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
三	B	B
亚	M	M
市	E	E
参	O	O
观	O	O
游	O	O
览	O	O
了	O	O
天	O	O
涯	O	O
海	O	O
角	O	O
、	O	O
鹿	O	O
回	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
亚	B	B
龙	M	M
湾	E	E
等	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
和	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
白	O	O
晓	O	O
燕	O	O
案	O	O
主	O	O
犯	O	O
陈	O	O
进	O	O
兴	O	O
被	O	O
判	O	O
死	O	O
刑	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
使	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
受	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
更	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
电	O	O
部	O	O
本	O	O
着	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
始	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
按	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
文	O	O
教	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
科	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
类	O	O
三	O	O
批	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
陈	O	O
斌	O	O
）	O	O
五	O	O
星	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
是	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
着	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
从	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
幅	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
精	O	O
选	O	O
编	O	O
撰	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
篇	O	O
幅	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
天	B	B
安	M	M
门	E	E
前	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
升	O	O
降	O	O
的	O	O
壮	O	O
丽	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
五	O	O
星	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
在	O	O
神	O	O
州	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
场	O	O
合	O	O
飘	O	O
扬	O	O
的	O	O
雄	O	O
姿	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
天	O	B
安	O	M
门	O	E
国	O	O
旗	O	O
护	O	O
卫	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
玉	O	O
琴	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
曹	O	O
禺	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
奖	O	O
・	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
颁	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
王	O	O
汉	O	O
斌	O	O
、	O	O
布	O	O
赫	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
颁	O	O
奖	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
在	O	O
古	O	O
脊	O	O
椎	O	O
所	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
时	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
上	O	O
勇	O	O
攀	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
在	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冯	O	O
亦	O	O
珍	O	O
）	O	O
朔	O	O
风	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
雨	O	O
雪	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
次	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
快	O	O
运	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
如	O	O
期	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	O
海	M	O
新	M	O
龙	M	O
华	M	O
站	E	O
站	O	O
长	O	O
顾	O	O
伯	O	O
瑾	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
快	O	O
运	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
批	O	O
鲜	O	O
活	O	O
货	O	O
、	O	O
冷	O	O
冻	O	O
货	O	O
源	O	O
源	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
艾	O	O
笑	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
、	O	O
青	B	B
海	E	E
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
会	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
从	O	O
张	B	B
北	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
移	O	O
到	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
、	O	O
青	B	B
海	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
尽	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
襄	B	O
樊	E	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
呈	O	O
异	O	O
彩	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
当	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
刘	O	O
建	O	O
章	O	O
和	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
定	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
王	O	O
照	O	O
华	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
田	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
白	O	O
玉	O	O
霜	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
玉	O	O
亮	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
王	O	O
遐	O	O
方	O	O
也	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
和	O	O
糖	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
等	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
争	O	O
夺	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
俄	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
在	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
离	O	O
心	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
兰	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
和	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
把	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
五	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
命	O	O
脉	O	O
，	O	O
攫	O	O
取	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
和	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
下	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
等	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
同	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
曾	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
吉	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
阿	O	O
卡	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
哈	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
纳	O	O
扎	O	O
尔	O	O
巴	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
等	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
，	O	O
并	O	O
敦	O	O
促	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
与	O	O
之	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
对	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
向	O	O
中	B	B
亚	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
追	O	O
加	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
；	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
索	O	O
拉	O	O
纳	O	O
穿	O	O
梭	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
各	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
”	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
五	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
哈	O	O
、	O	O
吉	O	O
、	O	O
乌	O	O
、	O	O
土	O	O
四	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
该	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
塔	O	O
也	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
日	O	O
等	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
、	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
士	O	O
兵	O	O
已	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
哈	O	O
南	O	O
部	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
三	O	O
国	O	O
（	O	O
哈	O	O
吉	O	O
乌	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	B
亚	O	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
上	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
力	O	O
图	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
塔	B	B
吉	M	M
克	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
已	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
权	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
的	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
在	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
上	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	B
亚	O	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
在	O	O
塔	B	B
什	M	M
干	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	B
亚	O	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
了	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
与	O	O
中	O	B
亚	O	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
乌	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
培	O	O
训	O	O
乌	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
等	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
挤	O	O
俄	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
取	O	O
而	O	O
代	O	O
之	O	O
。	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
意	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
反	O	O
击	O	O
欧	O	O
美	O	O
咄	O	O
咄	O	O
逼	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
攻	O	O
势	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
东	O	O
扩	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
逆	O	O
转	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
各	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
俄	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
和	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
防	O	O
御	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
已	O	O
同	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
或	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
的	O	O
哈	O	O
吉	O	O
乌	O	O
塔	O	O
四	O	O
国	O	O
都	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
白	O	O
哈	O	O
吉	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
致	O	O
函	O	O
各	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
元	O	O
首	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
尔	O	O
诺	O	O
梅	O	O
尔	O	O
金	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
乌	B	B
兹	M	M
别	M	M
克	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
和	O	O
塔	B	B
吉	M	M
克	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
俄	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
对	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
俄	O	O
乌	O	O
、	O	O
俄	O	O
塔	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
对	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
俄	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
亚	M	E
地	M	O
区	E	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
拖	O	O
延	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
以	O	O
须	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
前	O	O
工	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
同	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
签	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
除	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
归	O	O
还	O	O
的	O	O
约	B	B
旦	M	M
河	E	E
西	O	O
岸	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
归	O	O
还	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
当	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
间	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
希	O	O
拉	O	O
里	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
对	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
控	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
是	O	O
捏	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
拉	O	O
里	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
攻	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
攻	O	O
击	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
过	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
去	O	O
阿	B	O
拉	M	O
木	M	O
图	E	O
某	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
穿	O	O
过	O	O
长	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
方	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
屋	O	O
里	O	O
忽	O	O
然	O	O
传	O	O
出	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
喧	O	O
闹	O	O
，	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
杨	O	O
树	O	O
林	O	O
里	O	O
叽	O	O
叽	O	O
喳	O	O
喳	O	O
的	O	O
麻	O	O
雀	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
探	O	O
头	O	O
望	O	O
去	O	O
：	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
十	O	O
来	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
男	O	O
孩	O	O
在	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
地	O	O
忙	O	O
碌	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
或	O	O
用	O	O
刨	O	O
子	O	O
刨	O	O
木	O	O
板	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
用	O	O
砂	O	O
纸	O	O
打	O	O
磨	O	O
木	O	O
棍	O	O
。	O	O
塔	O	O
吉	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
最	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
课	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
生	O	O
性	O	O
好	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
缘	O	O
故	O	O
吧	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
空	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
女	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
课	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
针	O	O
线	O	O
活	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
打	O	O
打	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
符	O	O
福	O	O
渊	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
德	O	O
武	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
核	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
主	O	O
张	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
巴	O	O
解	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
部	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
卡	O	O
杜	O	O
米	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
需	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
巴	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
桥	O	O
党	O	O
与	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
库	O	O
德	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
及	O	O
现	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
埃	O	O
坦	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
路	O	O
口	O	O
党	O	O
曾	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
竞	O	O
选	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
是	O	O
该	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
退	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
日	O	O
前	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
苏	O	O
伊	O	O
士	O	O
运	O	O
河	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
正	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
将	O	O
船	O	O
只	O	O
吃	O	O
水	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
从	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
英	O	O
尺	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
至	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
英	O	O
尺	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
运	O	O
河	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
航	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
艘	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
货	O	O
轮	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
苏	B	O
伊	M	O
士	M	O
运	M	O
河	E	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
和	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
谈	O	O
判	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
宣	O	O
布	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
会	O	O
晤	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
试	O	O
图	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
停	O	O
滞	O	O
不	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
僵	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
分	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
从	O	O
西	O	O
岸	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
是	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
拟	O	O
说	O	O
服	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
谈	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
和	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
以	O	O
方	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
采	O	O
纳	O	O
了	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
沙	O	O
龙	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
从	O	O
西	O	O
岸	O	O
撤	O	O
出	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
则	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
少	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
作	O	O
出	O	O
从	O	O
西	O	O
岸	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
与	O	O
以	O	O
方	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
驱	O	O
逐	O	O
哈	O	O
马	O	O
斯	O	O
等	O	O
激	O	O
进	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
坚	O	O
和	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
以	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
两	O	O
度	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
说	O	O
服	O	O
以	O	O
方	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
让	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
也	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
美	O	O
以	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
并	O	O
未	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
方	O	O
面	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
了	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
应	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
而	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
并	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
以	O	O
巴	O	O
三	O	O
方	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
会	O	O
晤	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
夜	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
弥	O	O
合	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
头	O	O
绪	O	O
繁	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
尖	O	O
锐	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
的	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
因	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
苦	O	O
难	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
必	O	O
须	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
与	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
同	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
至	O	O
让	O	O
巴	O	O
以	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
正	O	O
轨	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
与	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
某	O	O
地	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
并	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
开	B	B
罗	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
索	O	O
拉	O	O
纳	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
波	O	O
兰	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
说	O	O
时	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
像	O	O
波	B	B
兰	E	E
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
组	O	O
织	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
将	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
”	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
新	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
遵	O	O
循	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
观	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
国	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
青	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
太	O	O
阳	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
五	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
之	O	O
声	O	O
党	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
党	O	O
党	O	O
首	O	O
由	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
前	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
、	O	O
原	O	O
太	O	O
阳	O	O
党	O	O
党	O	O
首	O	O
羽	O	O
田	O	O
孜	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
金	B	B
边	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
柬	O	B
埔	O	M
寨	O	E
王	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
洪	O	O
森	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
寓	O	O
所	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
玛	O	O
丽	O	O
・	O	O
鲁	O	O
滨	O	O
逊	O	O
后	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
与	O	O
原	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
拉	O	O
那	O	O
烈	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
龙	O	O
永	O	O
图	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
高	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
通	O	O
胀	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
波	B	B
恩	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吕	O	O
鸿	O	O
）	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
华	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
和	O	O
德	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
界	O	O
在	O	O
华	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
等	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
企	O	O
业	O	O
对	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
在	O	O
华	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
企	O	O
业	O	O
共	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
华	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
受	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
智	B	O
利	E	O
、	O	O
委	B	B
内	M	M
瑞	M	M
拉	E	E
、	O	O
哥	B	B
伦	M	M
比	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
厄	B	O
瓜	M	O
多	M	O
尔	E	O
、	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
和	O	O
阿	B	B
根	M	M
廷	E	E
等	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
和	O	O
铜	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
也	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
拉	B	O
美	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
净	O	O
额	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
拉	B	O
美	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
得	B	B
克	M	M
萨	M	M
斯	M	M
州	E	E
联	O	O
邦	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
肯	O	O
代	O	O
尔	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
判	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
搅	O	O
得	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
们	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
过	O	O
上	O	O
舒	O	O
坦	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
夜	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
判	O	O
决	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
贝	O	O
尔	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
长	O	O
途	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
项	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
的	O	O
判	O	O
决	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
华	B	B
尔	M	M
街	E	E
的	O	O
骚	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
涨	O	O
落	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
长	O	O
途	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
裁	O	O
决	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
担	O	O
忧	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
绕	O	O
过	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
或	O	O
租	O	O
建	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
挤	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
美	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
式	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
转	O	O
播	O	O
台	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
留	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
频	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
无	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
及	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
扩	O	O
容	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
菲	O	O
又	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
创	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
新	O	O
低	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
菲	O	O
律	O	O
宾	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
将	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
雅	B	B
加	M	M
达	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
曾	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
暴	O	O
跌	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
时	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
盾	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
平	B	B
壤	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
朝	B	O
鲜	E	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
金	O	O
正	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
近	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
金	O	O
正	O	O
日	O	O
还	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
衣	O	O
食	O	O
住	O	O
行	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
攻	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
”	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
性	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
模	O	O
特	O	O
在	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
出	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
拉	O	O
加	O	O
斯	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
扬	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
任	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
罗	O	O
哈	O	O
斯	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
“	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
委	B	B
内	M	M
瑞	M	M
拉	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
委	O	O
内	O	O
瑞	O	O
拉	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
是	O	O
宽	O	O
松	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
不	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
事	O	O
先	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
天	O	O
内	O	O
到	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
企	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
抽	O	O
回	O	O
与	O	O
汇	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
企	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
免	O	O
征	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
税	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
减	O	O
收	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
税	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
矿	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
前	O	O
期	O	O
免	O	O
征	O	O
奢	O	O
侈	O	O
品	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
税	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
使	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
获	O	O
利	O	O
匪	O	O
浅	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毛	O	O
磊	O	O
）	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
可	O	O
用	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
部	O	O
表	O	O
情	O	O
来	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
望	O	O
于	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
在	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
中	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
伽	O	O
利	O	O
略	O	O
”	O	O
天	O	O
外	O	O
发	O	O
回	O	O
图	O	O
像	O	O
“	O	O
木	O	O
卫	O	O
二	O	O
”	O	O
冰	O	O
下	O	O
疑	O	O
有	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
木	O	O
卫	O	O
二	O	O
图	O	O
像	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
地	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
出	O	O
它	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
暗	O	O
色	O	O
楔	O	O
形	O	O
带	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
木	O	O
卫	O	O
二	O	O
的	O	O
板	O	O
块	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
，	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
冰	O	O
块	O	O
填	O	O
充	O	O
了	O	O
缝	O	O
隙	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
是	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
冰	O	O
层	O	O
下	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毛	O	O
磊	O	O
）	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
科	O	O
研	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
白	O	O
内	O	O
障	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
眼	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
俄	O	O
罗	O	O
斯	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
俄	O	B
国	O	E
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
年	O	O
通	O	O
胀	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
厂	O	O
价	O	O
仅	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
７	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
长	O	O
云	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
俞	O	O
斌	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
汉	B	B
城	E	E
执	O	O
黑	O	O
以	O	O
７	O	O
目	O	O
半	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
台	B	O
北	E	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
周	O	O
俊	O	O
勋	O	O
三	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
以	O	O
两	O	O
战	O	O
两	O	O
胜	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
绩	O	O
闯	O	O
入	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
东	O	O
洋	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
杯	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
围	O	O
棋	O	O
赛	O	O
八	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
马	O	O
晓	O	O
春	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
周	O	O
鹤	O	O
洋	O	O
七	O	O
段	O	O
则	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
李	O	O
圣	O	O
宰	O	O
四	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
棋	O	O
手	O	O
赵	O	O
治	O	O
勋	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
出	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
五	O	O
盘	O	O
棋	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
刘	O	O
昌	O	O
赫	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
中	O	O
盘	O	O
胜	O	O
小	O	O
林	O	O
觉	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
柳	O	O
时	O	O
熏	O	O
七	O	O
段	O	O
中	O	O
盘	O	O
胜	O	O
金	O	O
秀	O	O
壮	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
昌	O	O
镐	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
目	O	O
半	O	O
胜	O	O
片	O	O
冈	O	O
聪	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
林	O	O
海	O	O
峰	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
以	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
目	O	O
半	O	O
大	O	O
胜	O	O
曹	O	O
薰	O	O
铉	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
麦	O	O
克	O	O
・	O	O
雷	O	O
蒙	O	O
八	O	O
段	O	O
以	O	O
４	O	O
目	O	O
半	O	O
胜	O	O
金	O	O
荣	O	O
垣	O	O
三	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
郭	O	O
京	O	O
花	O	O
在	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
台	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
灰	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
地	O	O
板	O	O
是	O	O
灰	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
坐	O	O
椅	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
灰	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
台	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
三	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
座	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
最	O	O
感	O	O
骄	O	O
傲	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
台	O	O
下	O	O
部	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
座	O	O
位	O	O
）	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
下	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
部	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
台	O	O
降	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
部	O	O
看	O	O
台	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
向	O	O
后	O	O
退	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
跑	O	O
道	O	O
和	O	O
跳	O	O
跃	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
看	O	O
台	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
装	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
大	O	O
滑	O	O
轮	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
推	O	O
前	O	O
推	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
看	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
底	O	O
部	O	O
装	O	O
有	O	O
气	O	O
垫	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
跑	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
场	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
座	O	O
位	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
哪	O	O
种	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
靠	O	O
近	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
健	O	O
儿	O	O
整	O	O
装	O	O
待	O	O
发	O	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
射	O	O
击	O	O
射	O	O
箭	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
射	O	O
击	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
曾	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
射	O	O
击	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
许	O	O
海	O	O
峰	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
申	O	O
办	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
奥	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
萨	O	O
马	O	O
兰	O	O
奇	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
时	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
恩	O	O
米	O	O
在	O	O
刀	O	O
术	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
霞	O	O
光	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
恩	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
都	O	O
花	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
练	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
武	O	O
之	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
大	O	O
几	O	O
的	O	O
他	O	O
“	O	O
无	O	O
暇	O	O
恋	O	O
爱	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
仍	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
王	O	O
老	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
习	O	O
武	O	O
之	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
恩	O	O
米	O	O
笃	O	O
行	O	O
不	O	O
倦	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
近	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
不	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
不	O	O
食	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
忘	O	O
我	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
恩	O	O
米	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
般	O	O
武	O	O
艺	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
南	O	O
拳	O	O
、	O	O
刀	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
已	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
精	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
招	O	O
一	O	O
式	O	O
颇	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
品	O	O
出	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
蕴	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
习	O	O
武	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
练	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
实	O	O
属	O	O
不	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
分	O	O
列	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
至	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
江	B	O
苏	E	O
黄	O	O
薇	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黑	B	B
龙	M	M
江	E	E
王	O	O
琳	O	O
娜	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
江	B	O
苏	E	O
张	O	O
国	O	O
凤	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
江	B	O
苏	E	O
伍	O	O
霞	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
黎	O	O
德	O	O
玲	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
黑	B	B
龙	M	M
江	E	E
郭	O	O
丽	O	O
萍	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
金	O	O
海	O	O
英	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
欧	O	O
阳	O	O
琦	O	O
琳	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
湖	B	O
北	E	O
陈	O	O
淑	O	O
兰	O	O
（	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
分	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
克	B	B
罗	M	M
地	M	M
亚	E	E
的	O	O
马	O	O
约	O	O
莉	O	O
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
曾	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
如	O	O
日	O	O
中	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
辛	O	O
吉	O	O
斯	O	O
，	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
公	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
她	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
塔	O	O
纳	O	O
苏	O	O
加	O	O
恩	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
则	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
就	O	O
以	O	O
０	O	O
∶	O	O
６	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
∶	O	O
６	O	O
的	O	O
悬	O	O
殊	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
败	O	O
下	O	O
阵	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
新	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
初	O	O
见	O	O
端	O	O
倪	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
在	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
盛	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
把	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
力	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
构	O	O
筑	O	O
与	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
相	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
率	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
富	O	O
余	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
多	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
等	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
者	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
退	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
企	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
裙	O	O
带	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
弊	O	O
端	O	O
日	O	O
显	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
势	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
稳	O	O
妥	O	O
，	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
和	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
斯	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
“	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
任	O	O
意	O	O
支	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
界	O	O
限	O	O
、	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
和	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
把	O	O
人	O	O
只	O	O
看	O	O
做	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
感	O	O
性	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
把	O	O
人	O	O
看	O	O
做	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
感	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
类	O	O
特	O	O
性	O	O
恰	O	O
恰	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
、	O	O
感	O	O
性	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
人	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
易	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
化	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
张	O	O
峰	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
的	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
哲	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
．	O	O
Ａ	O	O
．	O	O
柯	O	O
亨	O	O
、	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
助	O	O
理	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
威	O	O
廉	O	O
・	O	O
肖	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
把	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
引	O	O
入	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
语	O	O
义	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
来	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
的	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
柯	O	O
亨	O	O
声	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
用	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
晰	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
确	O	O
性	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
来	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
站	O	O
得	O	O
住	O	O
脚	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
威	O	O
廉	O	O
・	O	O
肖	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
把	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
当	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
为	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
对	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
为	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
发	O	O
掘	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
阐	O	O
明	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
细	O	O
微	O	O
差	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
使	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
内	O	O
在	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
地	O	O
显	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
保	O	O
守	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
图	O	O
从	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
掘	O	O
出	O	O
有	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
于	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
儒	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
说	O	O
各	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
仁	O	O
学	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
儒	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
着	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
仁	O	O
学	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
先	O	O
秦	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
爱	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
明	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
、	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
通	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
要	O	O
义	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
人	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
把	O	O
爱	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
诚	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
仁	O	O
学	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
痼	O	O
疾	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
把	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
切	O	O
入	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
大	O	O
道	O	O
本	O	O
体	O	O
乃	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
之	O	O
魂	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
归	O	O
复	O	O
大	O	O
道	O	O
本	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
构	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
向	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
对	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
苛	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
功	O	O
五	O	O
法	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
唱	O	O
念	O	O
做	O	O
打	O	O
、	O	O
手	O	O
眼	O	O
身	O	O
法	O	O
步	O	O
）	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
要	O	O
穷	O	O
尽	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
毕	O	O
生	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
苦	O	O
练	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
率	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
材	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
走	O	O
红	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
挣	O	O
钱	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
终	O	O
生	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
高	O	O
强	O	O
度	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
矢	O	O
志	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
苦	O	O
于	O	O
清	O	O
贫	O	O
、	O	O
耐	O	O
得	O	O
寂	O	O
寞	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
毅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
是	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
在	O	O
校	O	O
生	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
市	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	M
市	O	E
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
赴	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
的	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
又	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
赴	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
征	O	O
服	O	O
了	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
台	O	O
湾	O	O
复	O	O
兴	O	O
剧	O	O
校	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
教	O	O
员	O	O
赴	O	O
台	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
在	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
总	O	O
监	O	O
黎	O	O
中	O	O
城	O	O
放	O	O
眼	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
和	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
群	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
侧	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
把	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
对	O	O
准	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
视	O	O
线	O	O
扫	O	O
向	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
要	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
、	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
改	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
改	O	O
成	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
？	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
从	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
升	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
能	O	O
用	O	O
之	O	O
于	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
则	O	O
又	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
太	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
亲	O	O
笔	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
建	O	O
校	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
德	O	O
艺	O	O
双	O	O
馨	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
往	O	O
开	O	O
来	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
八	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
地	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
是	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
对	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
它	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
了	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
复	O	O
合	O	O
型	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
的	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
是	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
海	O	O
富	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
和	O	O
协	O	O
办	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
水	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
与	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
界	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
在	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
值	O	O
也	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
要	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
两	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
曰	O	O
求	O	O
精	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
曰	O	O
求	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
地	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
固	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
光	O	O
彩	O	O
传	O	O
之	O	O
久	O	O
远	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
推	O	O
陈	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
风	O	O
貌	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
二	O	O
者	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
辅	O	O
相	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
基	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
味	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
又	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
与	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
要	O	O
使	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
到	O	O
唱	O	O
念	O	O
做	O	O
打	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
而	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
地	O	O
融	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
取	O	O
代	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
时	O	O
宜	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
剧	O	O
协	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
石	O	O
宏	O	O
图	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
：	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
剧	O	O
本	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
坚	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
你	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
大	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
包	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
舍	O	O
本	O	O
求	O	O
末	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
架	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
钱	O	O
再	O	O
多	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
济	O	O
于	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
媒	O	O
猛	O	O
炒	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
经	O	O
久	O	O
不	O	O
衰	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
步	O	O
履	O	O
坚	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
和	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
时	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
交	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
地	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
编	O	O
剧	O	O
、	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
、	O	O
作	O	O
曲	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
等	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
和	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
后	O	O
续	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
利	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
与	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
衔	O	O
接	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
与	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
知	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
薄	O	O
弱	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
美	O	O
学	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
写	O	O
意	O	O
、	O	O
虚	O	O
拟	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
时	O	O
空	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
、	O	O
线	O	O
段	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
等	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
和	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
余	O	O
上	O	O
沅	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
太	O	O
侔	O	O
、	O	O
俞	O	O
宗	O	O
杰	O	O
等	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
见	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
。	O	O
徐	O	O
凌	O	O
霄	O	O
、	O	O
齐	O	O
如	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
肖	O	O
伦	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
厚	O	O
载	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
次	O	O
溪	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
明	O	O
泰	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
芷	O	O
章	O	O
等	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
诸	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
、	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
前	O	O
辈	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
卢	O	O
新	O	O
宁	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
田	O	O
泳	O	O
不	O	O
肯	O	O
认	O	O
同	O	O
老	O	O
乡	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
迷	O	O
恋	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
潜	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
里	O	O
要	O	O
抹	O	O
掉	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
痕	O	O
迹	O	O
。	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
回	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
，	O	O
宁	O	O
愿	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
举	O	O
目	O	O
无	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
太	B	O
原	E	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
隐	O	O
隐	O	O
约	O	O
约	O	O
地	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
回	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
就	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
太	B	B
原	E	E
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
田	O	O
泳	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
写	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
看	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
湿	O	O
漉	O	O
漉	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
气	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O
田	O	O
泳	O	O
这	O	O
才	O	O
发	O	O
觉	O	O
最	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
内	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
段	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
根	O	O
深	O	O
蒂	O	O
固	O	O
地	O	O
潜	O	O
伏	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
脉	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
姜	O	O
渭	O	O
渔	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
人	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
金	B	B
湖	M	M
县	E	E
。	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
上	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
读	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
留	O	O
京	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
到	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
闯	O	O
荡	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
余	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
回	O	O
京	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
又	O	O
逾	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
周	O	O
秀	O	O
兰	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	B
苏	O	M
省	O	E
淮	O	B
阴	O	M
市	O	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
局	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
、	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
。	O	O
）	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
历	O	O
代	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
吟	O	O
咏	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
乡	O	O
愁	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
蓦	O	O
然	O	O
回	O	O
首	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
根	O	O
深	O	O
蒂	O	O
固	O	O
的	O	O
乡	O	O
土	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
性	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
着	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
守	O	O
住	O	O
一	O	O
成	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
更	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
前	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
参	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
商	O	O
、	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
漂	O	O
泊	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
悲	O	O
伤	O	O
的	O	O
放	O	O
逐	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
被	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
生	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
远	O	O
别	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
离	O	O
愁	O	O
别	O	O
绪	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
分	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
亮	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
或	O	O
许	O	O
是	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
“	O	O
乐	O	O
不	O	O
思	O	O
蜀	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
常	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
乡	O	O
作	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
备	O	O
注	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
视	O	O
角	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
篇	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
饭	O	O
桌	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
先	O	O
动	O	O
筷	O	O
子	O	O
？	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
版	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
点	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
请	O	O
寄	O	O
：	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
教	O	O
科	O	O
文	O	O
部	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
邮	O	O
政	O	O
编	O	O
码	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
，	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
传	O	O
：	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
。	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
疏	O	O
远	O	O
了	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
疏	O	O
远	O	O
了	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
？	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
杂	O	O
技	O	O
在	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
太	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
是	O	O
向	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
性	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
趣	O	O
味	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
场	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
；	O	O
编	O	O
排	O	O
上	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
台	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
构	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
过	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
已	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
互	O	O
不	O	O
关	O	O
联	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
则	O	O
用	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
像	O	O
金	O	O
线	O	O
串	O	O
珠	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
将	O	O
全	O	O
台	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
界	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
杂	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
是	O	O
战	O	O
旗	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
风	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
画	O	O
卷	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
对	O	O
顶	O	O
花	O	O
坛	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
于	O	O
佤	O	O
族	O	O
庆	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
顶	O	O
”	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
融	O	O
合	O	O
在	O	O
景	O	O
颇	O	O
族	O	O
祭	O	O
祀	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
顶	O	O
碗	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
滚	O	O
灯	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
柔	O	O
术	O	O
”	O	O
则	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
月	O	O
夜	O	O
的	O	O
傣	O	O
家	O	O
竹	O	O
楼	O	O
。	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
高	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
的	O	O
险	O	O
峻	O	O
之	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
柔	O	O
情	O	O
似	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
之	O	O
美	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
浓	O	O
郁	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
之	O	O
美	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
承	O	O
载	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
厚	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
小	O	O
品	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
笑	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
甜	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
笑	O	O
、	O	O
爽	O	O
朗	O	O
的	O	O
笑	O	O
、	O	O
激	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
笑	O	O
以	O	O
至	O	O
幽	O	O
默	O	O
的	O	O
笑	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
傻	O	O
笑	O	O
、	O	O
憨	O	O
笑	O	O
和	O	O
讪	O	O
笑	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
酬	O	O
一	O	O
笑	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
大	O	O
路	O	O
货	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
崇	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
以	O	O
博	O	O
得	O	O
笑	O	O
声	O	O
为	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
中	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
把	O	O
小	O	O
品	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
流	O	O
俗	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
、	O	O
严	O	O
谨	O	O
的	O	O
构	O	O
思	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
精	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
品	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
清	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
刘	O	O
建	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
工	O	O
艺	O	O
也	O	O
曾	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
彷	O	O
徨	O	O
：	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
老	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
匮	O	O
乏	O	O
，	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
不	O	O
畅	O	O
，	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
不	O	O
佳	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
绝	O	O
技	O	O
濒	O	O
临	O	O
失	O	O
传	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
紫	O	O
砂	O	O
雕	O	O
塑	O	O
《	O	O
禅	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
恒	O	O
、	O	O
空	O	O
、	O	O
善	O	O
》	O	O
（	O	O
宜	B	O
兴	E	O
：	O	O
徐	O	O
秀	O	O
棠	O	O
／	O	O
作	O	O
）	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
《	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
书	O	O
林	O	O
之	O	O
旅	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
方	O	O
鸣	O	O
一	O	O
往	O	O
情	O	O
深	O	O
。	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
书	O	O
系	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
满	O	O
江	O	O
红	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
清	O	O
平	O	O
乐	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
西	O	O
江	O	O
月	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
采	O	O
桑	O	O
子	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
如	O	O
梦	O	O
令	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
一	O	O
剪	O	O
梅	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
词	O	O
牌	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
书	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
用	O	O
该	O	O
词	O	O
牌	O	O
填	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
词	O	O
印	O	O
在	O	O
封	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
方	O	O
鸣	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
古	O	O
典	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
与	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
为	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
书	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
以	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
主	O	O
潮	O	O
、	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
美	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
箴	O	O
言	O	O
为	O	O
内	O	O
核	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
视	O	O
角	O	O
、	O	O
锐	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
风	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
共	O	O
鸣	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
书	O	O
林	O	O
之	O	O
旅	O	O
》	O	O
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
冷	O	O
落	O	O
萧	O	O
条	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
学	O	O
术	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
升	O	O
温	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
与	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
与	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
请	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
胡	O	O
世	O	O
庆	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
工	O	O
薪	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
职	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
文	O	O
史	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
史	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
通	O	O
史	O	O
》	O	O
专	O	O
著	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
开	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
胡	O	O
世	O	O
庆	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
地	O	O
道	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
蒋	O	O
铎	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
略	O	O
具	O	O
装	O	O
潢	O	O
样	O	O
式	O	O
且	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
稍	O	O
觉	O	O
考	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
少	O	O
女	O	O
脖	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
链	O	O
，	O	O
点	O	O
缀	O	O
着	O	O
花	O	O
圃	O	O
、	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
及	O	O
街	O	O
心	O	O
雕	O	O
塑	O	O
。	O	O
池	O	O
塘	O	O
、	O	O
古	O	O
典	O	O
碑	O	O
铭	O	O
、	O	O
摩	O	O
崖	O	O
石	O	O
刻	O	O
及	O	O
阁	O	O
楼	O	O
亭	O	O
榭	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
畛	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
因	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
的	O	O
圈	O	O
围	O	O
而	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
安	O	O
稳	O	O
、	O	O
幽	O	O
僻	O	O
、	O	O
闲	O	O
适	O	O
或	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
田	O	O
园	O	O
篱	O	O
墙	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
莫	O	O
入	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
背	O	O
影	O	O
或	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
两	O	O
阵	O	O
疆	O	O
界	O	O
狙	O	O
击	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
战	O	O
火	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
簇	O	O
簇	O	O
花	O	O
卉	O	O
与	O	O
芊	O	O
芊	O	O
碧	O	O
草	O	O
烘	O	O
托	O	O
的	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
情	O	O
调	O	O
是	O	O
既	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
又	O	O
浪	O	O
漫	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
从	O	O
威	O	O
严	O	O
中	O	O
透	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
的	O	O
休	O	O
闲	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
布	B	B
加	M	M
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
特	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
索	B	B
非	M	M
亚	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
滨	O	O
海	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
与	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
的	O	O
岛	O	O
屿	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
抚	O	O
摸	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
精	O	O
巧	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
等	O	O
同	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
铜	O	O
质	O	O
或	O	O
铁	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
警	O	O
卫	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
体	O	O
（	O	O
已	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
或	O	O
淡	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
本	O	O
意	O	O
中	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
）	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
布	O	O
施	O	O
与	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
铁	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
铁	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
体	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
会	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
缅	O	O
怀	O	O
起	O	O
装	O	O
潢	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
虽	O	O
无	O	O
威	O	O
严	O	O
之	O	O
状	O	O
而	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
精	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
徜	O	O
徉	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
与	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
的	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
严	O	O
守	O	O
门	O	O
户	O	O
又	O	O
无	O	O
怨	O	O
无	O	O
悔	O	O
于	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
酷	O	O
暑	O	O
、	O	O
锈	O	O
迹	O	O
斑	O	O
斑	O	O
、	O	O
疲	O	O
累	O	O
已	O	O
极	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
无	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
叹	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
肃	O	O
然	O	O
起	O	O
敬	O	O
。	O	O
抢	O	O
劫	O	O
、	O	O
诈	O	O
骗	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
被	O	O
扼	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
铁	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
铁	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
的	O	O
辛	O	O
劳	O	O
与	O	O
功	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
铁	O	O
门	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
重	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
敬	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
铁	O	O
门	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
若	O	O
果	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
重	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
重	O	O
再	O	O
结	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
栅	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
虚	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
足	O	O
迹	O	O
》	O	O
征	O	O
文	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
揭	O	O
晓	O	O
（	O	O
以	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
为	O	O
序	O	O
）	O	O
绿	O	O
魂	O	O
矫	O	O
健	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
铸	O	O
进	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
萧	O	O
春	O	O
华	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
夕	O	O
阳	O	O
更	O	O
火	O	O
红	O	O
奚	O	O
晓	O	O
阳	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
春	O	O
城	O	O
绿	O	O
意	O	O
张	O	O
昆	O	O
华	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
竹	O	O
桥	O	O
情	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
竹	O	O
桥	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
姿	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
状	O	O
各	O	O
异	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
铁	O	O
索	O	O
上	O	O
铺	O	O
筑	O	O
竹	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
跨	O	O
度	O	O
达	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
米	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
竹	O	O
吊	O	O
桥	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
用	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
根	O	O
竹	O	O
子	O	O
接	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
筑	O	O
成	O	O
拱	O	O
形	O	O
，	O	O
跨	O	O
度	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
竹	O	O
拱	O	O
桥	O	O
；	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
用	O	O
几	O	O
根	O	O
竹	O	O
子	O	O
绑	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
横	O	O
跨	O	O
小	O	O
河	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
，	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
十	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
竹	O	O
桥	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
用	O	O
两	O	O
根	O	O
竹	O	O
子	O	O
绑	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
做	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
简	O	O
易	O	O
竹	O	O
桥	O	O
。	O	O
咱	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
竹	O	O
桥	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
平	O	O
实	O	O
无	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
悠	O	O
悠	O	O
情	O	O
深	O	O
那	O	O
头	O	O
风	O	O
烛	O	O
残	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
黄	O	O
牛	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
路	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
蹒	O	O
蹒	O	O
跚	O	O
跚	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
胃	O	O
口	O	O
还	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
拉	O	O
车	O	O
拉	O	O
犁	O	O
还	O	O
每	O	O
每	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
重	O	O
现	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
雄	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
它	O	O
拽	O	O
碾	O	O
拽	O	O
磨	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
扬	O	O
起	O	O
树	O	O
条	O	O
子	O	O
跟	O	O
着	O	O
它	O	O
屁	O	O
股	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
踏	O	O
进	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
门	O	O
槛	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
放	O	O
学	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
它	O	O
割	O	O
草	O	O
铡	O	O
草	O	O
、	O	O
饮	O	O
水	O	O
喂	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
义	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
辞	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
仲	O	O
春	O	O
时	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
草	O	O
和	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
才	O	O
起	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
握	O	O
之	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
盈	O	O
把	O	O
，	O	O
镰	O	O
刀	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
紧	O	O
贴	O	O
地	O	O
皮	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
刈	O	O
割	O	O
净	O	O
尽	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
次	O	O
正	O	O
割	O	O
得	O	O
起	O	O
劲	O	O
，	O	O
砰	O	O
地	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
镰	O	O
刀	O	O
碰	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
石	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
弹	O	O
跳	O	O
而	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
刃	O	O
片	O	O
不	O	O
偏	O	O
不	O	O
斜	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
好	O	O
砍	O	O
到	O	O
左	O	O
手	O	O
食	O	O
指	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
半	O	O
截	O	O
指	O	O
头	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
搭	O	O
拉	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
霎	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
疼	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
把	O	O
断	O	O
指	O	O
对	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
右	O	O
手	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
地	O	O
捏	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O
鲜	O	O
血	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
涌	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
疼	O	O
痛	O	O
入	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
连	O	O
忙	O	O
抓	O	O
把	O	O
面	O	O
面	O	O
土	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
捂	O	O
住	O	O
伤	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
从	O	O
褴	O	O
褛	O	O
的	O	O
袖	O	O
口	O	O
撕	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
布	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
替	O	O
我	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
食	O	O
指	O	O
缠	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
疼	O	O
得	O	O
勾	O	O
着	O	O
腰	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
蹦	O	O
跳	O	O
，	O	O
嘴	O	O
里	O	O
啊	O	O
啊	O	O
地	O	O
叫	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
泪	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
由	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
地	O	O
流	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
看	O	O
我	O	O
龇	O	O
牙	O	O
咧	O	O
嘴	O	O
，	O	O
骂	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
没	O	O
彩	O	O
！	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
晌	O	O
从	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
看	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
呢	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
会	O	O
儿	O	O
咋	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
个	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
？	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
事	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
冷	O	O
霜	O	O
，	O	O
霎	O	O
时	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
割	O	O
草	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
头	O	O
打	O	O
蔫	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
闷	O	O
闷	O	O
不	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
烦	O	O
躁	O	O
，	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
割	O	O
草	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
舒	O	O
心	O	O
美	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
和	O	O
锄	O	O
地	O	O
挖	O	O
土	O	O
挑	O	O
担	O	O
推	O	O
磨	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
无	O	O
尽	O	O
的	O	O
汗	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
受	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
、	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
换	O	O
回	O	O
老	O	O
黄	O	O
牛	O	O
的	O	O
饱	O	O
餐	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
托	O	O
生	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
贫	O	O
苦	O	O
农	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
娃	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
命	O	O
里	O	O
注	O	O
定	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
挥	O	O
镰	O	O
舞	O	O
锹	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
学	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
干	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
莫	O	O
非	O	O
要	O	O
终	O	O
日	O	O
养	O	O
膘	O	O
坐	O	O
等	O	O
衣	O	O
食	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
？	O	O
落	O	O
座	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
将	O	O
军	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
对	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
情	O	O
有	O	O
独	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
蕴	O	O
含	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
与	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
怡	O	O
神	O	O
养	O	O
气	O	O
之	O	O
功	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
的	O	O
练	O	O
字	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
练	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
练	O	O
神	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
练	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
练	O	O
心	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
练	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O
神	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
身	O	O
相	O	O
得	O	O
益	O	O
彰	O	O
，	O	O
兼	O	O
收	O	O
并	O	O
蓄	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
乐	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
！	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
练	O	O
字	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
荡	O	O
掉	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
污	O	O
浊	O	O
之	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
运	O	O
气	O	O
如	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
古	O	O
人	O	O
讲	O	O
求	O	O
心	O	O
斋	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
说	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
工	O	O
匠	O	O
在	O	O
雕	O	O
刻	O	O
时	O	O
应	O	O
忘	O	O
掉	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
利	O	O
禄	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
心	O	O
融	O	O
入	O	O
所	O	O
雕	O	O
之	O	O
物	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
雕	O	O
刻	O	O
出	O	O
栩	O	O
栩	O	O
如	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
练	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
忘	O	O
掉	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
全	O	O
身	O	O
心	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
进	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
学	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
练	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
若	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
点	O	O
委	O	O
屈	O	O
都	O	O
受	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
何	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
‘	O	O
左	O	O
’	O	O
倾	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
都	O	O
饱	O	O
受	O	O
委	O	O
屈	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
点	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
又	O	O
算	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
名	O	O
利	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
荣	O	O
华	O	O
富	O	O
贵	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
长	O	O
我	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
身	O	O
外	O	O
之	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
所	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
很	O	O
乐	O	O
意	O	O
和	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
和	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
而	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
《	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
文	O	O
摘	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
『	O	O
我	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
最	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
』	O	O
有	O	O
奖	O	O
征	O	O
文	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
揭	O	O
晓	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
篇	O	O
征	O	O
文	O	O
和	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
篇	O	O
《	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
文	O	O
摘	O	O
》	O	O
转	O	O
载	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
闻	O	O
力	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
家	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
副	O	O
刊	O	O
送	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
一	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
件	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
块	O	O
银	O	O
元	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
篇	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
杂	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
有	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
版	O	O
面	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
翻	O	O
开	O	O
鲁	O	O
迅	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
莫	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
爱	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
逛	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
忱	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
页	O	O
都	O	O
谈	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
都	O	O
购	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
书	O	O
账	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
北	O	O
平	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
部	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
于	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
逝	O	O
世	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
以	O	O
贯	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
书	O	O
账	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
未	O	O
中	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
影	O	O
印	O	O
本	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
不	O	O
苟	O	O
，	O	O
恭	O	O
楷	O	O
写	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
他	O	O
视	O	O
书	O	O
如	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
求	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
涉	O	O
猎	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
无	O	O
止	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
一	O	O
瓶	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
，	O	O
半	O	O
瓶	O	O
子	O	O
晃	O	O
荡	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
惭	O	O
愧	O	O
；	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
不	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
典	O	O
错	O	O
讹	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
贻	O	O
笑	O	O
大	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
硬	O	O
伤	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
庸	O	O
讳	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
较	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
缘	O	O
故	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
书	O	O
账	O	O
结	O	O
尾	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
警	O	O
醒	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
审	O	O
自	O	O
五	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
年	O	O
莫	O	O
（	O	O
暮	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
八	O	O
月	O	O
间	O	O
而	O	O
购	O	O
书	O	O
百	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
无	O	O
善	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
京	O	O
师	O	O
视	O	O
古	O	O
籍	O	O
为	O	O
骨	O	O
董	O	O
，	O	O
唯	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
者	O	O
能	O	O
致	O	O
之	O	O
耳	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
人	O	O
处	O	O
世	O	O
不	O	O
必	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
我	O	O
辈	O	O
复	O	O
无	O	O
购	O	O
书	O	O
之	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
复	O	O
月	O	O
掷	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
余	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
拾	O	O
破	O	O
书	O	O
数	O	O
册	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
怡	O	O
悦	O	O
，	O	O
亦	O	O
可	O	O
笑	O	O
叹	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
与	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
争	O	O
利	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
塘	B	B
沽	M	M
区	E	E
成	O	O
为	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
塘	O	O
沽	O	O
区	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	M
港	E	E
、	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
税	O	O
区	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
沟	O	O
通	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
征	O	O
求	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
大	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
就	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
七	O	O
项	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
在	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
塘	B	O
沽	M	O
区	E	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
也	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
区	O	O
属	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
倍	O	O
；	O	O
区	O	O
级	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
比	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
瑞	O	O
环	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
锦	O	O
涛	O	O
等	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
联	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
少	O	O
山	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
好	O	O
马	O	O
列	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
毛	O	O
泽	O	O
东	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
好	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
本	O	O
领	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
容	O	O
地	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
驾	O	O
驭	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
地	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
而	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
候	O	O
补	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
厅	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
王	O	O
兆	O	O
国	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
费	O	O
孝	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
洁	O	O
琼	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
思	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
沛	O	O
・	O	O
阿	O	O
旺	O	O
晋	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
赵	O	O
朴	O	O
初	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
伟	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
寅	O	O
初	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
孚	O	O
凌	O	O
、	O	O
丁	O	O
石	O	O
孙	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
思	O	O
危	O	O
、	O	O
许	O	O
嘉	O	O
璐	O	O
、	O	O
蒋	O	O
正	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
豪	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
文	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
克	O	O
辉	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
叔	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
贾	O	O
庆	O	O
林	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
张	O	O
丁	O	O
华	O	O
的	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
传	O	O
祥	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
束	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
时	O	O
传	O	O
祥	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
崔	O	O
秀	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
聊	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
崔	O	O
秀	O	O
庭	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
自	O	O
从	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
论	O	O
讲	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
际	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
它	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
之	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
是	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
之	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
表	O	O
里	O	O
相	O	O
依	O	O
，	O	O
密	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
辅	O	O
相	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
讲	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
讲	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
。	O	O
孔	O	O
子	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
“	O	O
道	O	O
之	O	O
以	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
齐	O	O
之	O	O
以	O	O
礼	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
居	O	O
于	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
儒	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
派	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
礼	O	O
教	O	O
。	O	O
孔	O	O
子	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
学	O	O
礼	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
以	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
《	O	O
荀	O	O
子	O	O
》	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
礼	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
无	O	O
礼	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
无	O	O
礼	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
宁	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
孔	O	O
子	O	O
教	O	O
给	O	O
弟	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
六	O	O
经	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
礼	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
古	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
礼	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
也	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
反	O	O
帝	O	O
反	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
对	O	O
剥	O	O
削	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
陈	O	O
腐	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
旧	O	O
礼	O	O
教	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
无	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
批	O	O
判	O	O
和	O	O
扫	O	O
除	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
并	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
无	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
。	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
之	O	O
好	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
浩	O	O
劫	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
林	O	O
彪	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
人	O	O
帮	O	O
”	O	O
鼓	O	O
吹	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
打	O	O
倒	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
左	O	O
思	O	O
潮	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
统	O	O
统	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
封	O	O
资	O	O
修	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
坏	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
讲	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
人	O	O
骂	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
！	O	O
在	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
和	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
过	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
讲	O	O
四	O	O
美	O	O
三	O	O
热	O	O
爱	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
月	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
还	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
还	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
相	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
礼	O	O
治	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
礼	O	O
治	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
富	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
合	B	B
肥	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
剑	O	O
虹	O	O
、	O	O
崔	O	O
海	O	O
教	O	O
）	O	O
安	B	B
徽	M	M
省	E	E
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
孟	O	O
富	O	O
林	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
广	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
昌	O	O
期	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
秀	O	O
智	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
天	O	O
栋	O	O
、	O	O
季	O	O
昆	O	O
森	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
维	O	O
芳	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
春	O	O
生	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
回	O	O
良	O	O
玉	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
汪	O	O
洋	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
昭	O	O
耀	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
多	O	O
良	O	O
（	O	O
回	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
岳	O	O
忠	O	O
、	O	O
蒋	O	O
作	O	O
君	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
家	O	O
丰	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
；	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
韩	O	O
云	O	O
萍	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
尹	O	O
鸿	O	O
祝	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
了	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
德	O	O
高	O	O
望	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
季	O	O
羡	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
齐	O	O
世	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
了	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
筒	O	O
子	O	O
楼	O	O
宿	O	O
舍	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
和	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
Ａ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
）	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
销	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
弊	O	O
端	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
予	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O
传	O	O
销	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
既	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
偷	O	O
税	O	O
漏	O	O
税	O	O
等	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
真	O	O
伪	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
传	O	O
销	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
贵	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
比	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
贵	O	O
，	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
传	O	O
销	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
受	O	O
骗	O	O
上	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
屡	O	O
见	O	O
不	O	O
鲜	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
销	O	O
中	O	O
已	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
传	O	O
销	O	O
为	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
迷	O	O
信	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
黄	O	O
色	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
诈	O	O
骗	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
曝	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
受	O	O
骗	O	O
上	O	O
当	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
戎	O	O
霄	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
局	O	O
协	O	O
同	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
市	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
家	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
涉	O	O
外	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
和	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
定	O	O
点	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
珠	O	O
宝	O	O
、	O	O
玉	O	O
石	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
丝	O	O
绸	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
４	O	O
大	O	O
类	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
无	O	O
号	O	O
型	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
仍	O	O
较	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
无	O	O
布	O	O
料	O	O
成	O	O
份	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
厂	O	O
名	O	O
厂	O	O
证	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
标	O	O
签	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
兴	B	O
华	M	O
旅	M	O
游	M	O
购	M	O
物	M	O
商	M	O
场	E	O
经	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	B
津	O	E
高	O	O
达	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
品	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
蜂	O	O
王	O	O
浆	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
址	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
配	O	O
料	O	O
表	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
杰	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
郑	B	O
州	M	O
市	E	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
卫	O	O
士	O	O
”	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
、	O	O
欺	O	O
行	O	O
霸	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
哄	O	O
抬	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
坑	O	O
害	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
国	O	O
琦	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	M	M
市	E	E
不	O	O
少	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
摊	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
换	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
双	O	O
面	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
秤	O	O
，	O	O
斤	O	O
两	O	O
数	O	O
码	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
了	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	M	M
市	E	E
开	O	O
展	O	O
查	O	O
虚	O	O
假	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
欺	O	O
诈	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
制	O	O
售	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
节	O	O
令	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
太	B	B
原	E	E
猪	O	O
肉	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
羊	O	O
肉	O	O
小	O	O
心	O	O
花	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
是	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
：	O	O
买	O	O
得	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
连	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
用	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
与	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
荒	O	O
”	O	O
地	O	O
价	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
水	O	O
涨	O	O
船	O	O
高	O	O
之	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
远	O	O
未	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
认	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
性	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
初	O	O
始	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
甚	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
虽	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
应	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
出	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
象	B	B
山	E	E
得	O	O
到	O	O
长	O	O
足	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
象	B	B
山	M	M
县	E	E
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
大	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
、	O	O
渔	O	O
民	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
百	O	O
强	O	O
县	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
渔	O	O
业	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
浙	B	B
江	M	M
省	E	E
小	O	B
康	O	M
县	O	E
等	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
象	B	B
山	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
象	B	B
山	E	E
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
雄	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
上	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
位	O	O
列	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
象	B	B
山	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
翼	O	O
。	O	O
象	B	B
山	E	E
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
走	O	O
以	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
声	O	O
誉	O	O
取	O	O
胜	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
白	O	O
玉	O	O
兰	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
钱	O	O
江	O	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
优	O	O
胜	O	O
奖	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
奖	O	O
“	O	O
鲁	O	O
班	O	O
奖	O	O
”	O	O
６	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
之	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
、	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
宁	B	B
波	E	E
、	O	O
温	B	B
州	E	E
等	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
象	B	B
山	E	E
人	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
部	O	O
谭	O	O
庆	O	O
链	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
象	B	O
山	E	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
浙	B	B
江	M	M
省	E	E
建	O	O
筑	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
建	O	O
筑	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
湖	B	O
南	M	O
省	E	O
长	B	O
沙	M	O
市	E	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
已	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
信	B	B
阳	E	E
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
『	O	O
龙	O	O
型	O	O
』	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
将	O	O
临	O	O
，	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
礼	O	O
仪	O	O
特	O	O
快	O	O
专	O	O
递	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
红	O	O
火	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
合	O	O
肥	O	O
市	O	O
邮	O	O
政	O	O
速	O	O
递	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
、	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
、	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
为	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
挑	O	O
选	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
陈	O	O
飞	O	O
李	O	O
杰	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
包	B	B
头	M	M
市	E	E
位	O	O
于	O	O
黄	B	B
河	E	M
河	O	E
套	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
米	O	O
粮	O	O
川	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
包	B	B
头	M	M
市	E	E
实	O	O
施	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
“	O	O
联	O	O
动	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
粮	O	O
农	O	O
吃	O	O
“	O	O
定	O	O
心	O	O
丸	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
以	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
供	O	O
销	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
主	O	O
多	O	O
辅	O	O
”	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
“	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
”	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
粗	O	O
、	O	O
连	O	O
紧	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
链	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
费	O	O
伟	O	O
伟	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
稠	O	O
油	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
绥	O	O
中	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
Ｊ	O	O
区	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
投	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
产	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
。	O	O
命	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
复	O	O
合	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
落	O	O
户	O	O
于	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
市	O	O
塘	O	O
沽	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
用	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
次	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
饰	O	O
件	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
复	O	O
合	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
供	O	O
货	O	O
给	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
及	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
交	O	O
付	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
桥	M	M
商	M	M
场	E	E
虽	O	O
地	O	O
处	O	O
邢	B	B
台	M	M
市	E	E
，	O	O
但	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
半	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
近	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
邢	B	B
台	M	M
市	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
赠	O	O
阅	O	O
《	O	O
公	O	O
关	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
》	O	O
及	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
质	O	O
量	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
行	O	O
》	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
呼	B	B
和	M	M
浩	M	M
特	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
殷	O	O
耀	O	O
）	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
呼	B	B
和	M	M
浩	M	M
特	E	E
的	O	O
万	O	O
家	O	O
灯	O	O
火	O	O
映	O	O
照	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O
鳏	O	O
寡	O	O
孤	O	O
独	O	O
和	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
？	O	O
湖	B	B
南	E	E
组	O	O
织	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
矿	O	O
工	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
党	O	O
性	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
部	O	O
『	O	O
三	O	O
讲	O	O
』	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
讲	O	O
”	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
夏	O	O
洪	O	O
青	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
傅	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
于	O	O
永	O	O
波	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
克	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
瑞	O	O
林	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
团	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
又	O	O
讯	O	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
湖	O	O
南	O	O
吉	O	O
首	O	O
军	O	O
分	O	O
区	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
员	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
”	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
获	O	O
此	O	O
殊	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
“	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
先	O	O
治	O	O
警	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
辽	O	B
宁	O	M
省	O	E
鞍	O	B
山	O	M
市	O	E
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
治	O	O
警	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
过	O	O
得	O	O
硬	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
政	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
向	O	O
彭	O	O
楚	O	O
政	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
休	O	O
假	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
和	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
组	O	O
部	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
委	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
到	O	O
会	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
组	O	O
部	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
次	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
休	O	O
假	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
晨	O	O
延	O	O
）	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
国	O	O
税	O	O
局	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
夯	O	O
实	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
征	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
办	O	O
税	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
厅	O	O
（	O	O
室	O	O
）	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
收	O	O
缩	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
集	O	O
约	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
国	O	O
税	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
已	O	O
缩	O	O
减	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
缩	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
多	O	O
吉	O	O
才	O	O
让	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
杨	O	O
衍	O	O
银	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
八	B	B
宝	M	M
山	E	M
革	O	M
命	O	M
烈	O	M
士	O	M
公	O	M
墓	O	E
，	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
和	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
工	O	O
作	O	O
在	O	O
殡	O	O
葬	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
多	O	O
吉	O	O
才	O	O
让	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
殡	O	O
葬	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
和	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
殡	O	O
葬	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
再	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
强	O	O
卫	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
向	O	O
东	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
疆	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
对	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
兵	O	O
入	O	O
伍	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
疆	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
『	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
』	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
『	O	O
双	O	O
语	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
、	O	O
哈	O	O
萨	O	O
克	O	O
、	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
、	O	O
回	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
俗	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
。	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
返	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
、	O	O
给	O	O
孤	O	O
寡	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
疆	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
结	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
传	O	O
好	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
董	O	O
伟	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
要	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
住	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	M	M
市	E	E
南	B	B
岗	M	M
区	E	E
宽	B	B
城	M	M
街	E	E
的	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
宋	O	O
学	O	O
武	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
徐	O	O
有	O	O
芳	O	O
拿	O	O
着	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
货	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
她	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
并	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
走	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
亲	O	O
戚	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
黑	B	B
龙	M	M
江	M	M
省	E	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
结	O	O
对	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
省	O	O
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
黑	B	O
龙	M	O
江	M	O
省	E	O
厅	O	O
局	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
都	O	O
结	O	O
了	O	O
『	O	O
穷	O	O
亲	O	O
戚	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
袁	O	O
熙	O	O
坤	O	O
画	O	O
虎	O	O
，	O	O
贵	O	O
在	O	O
简	O	O
练	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
得	O	O
传	O	O
神	O	O
之	O	O
笔	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
虎	O	O
非	O	O
『	O	O
福	O	O
虎	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
蕴	O	O
威	O	O
生	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
透	O	O
过	O	O
斑	O	O
斓	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
骨	O	O
气	O	O
之	O	O
威	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
可	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
骨	O	O
气	O	O
虎	O	O
威	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
虎	O	O
能	O	O
助	O	O
正	O	O
驱	O	O
邪	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
助	O	O
雅	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
孙	O	O
承	O	O
斌	O	O
）	O	O
香	B	O
港	M	O
特	M	O
区	E	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
董	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
驻	O	O
港	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
赤	B	O
柱	E	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
市	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
驻	O	O
港	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
董	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
署	O	O
理	O	O
政	O	O
务	O	O
司	O	O
司	O	O
长	O	O
孙	O	O
明	O	O
扬	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
司	O	O
司	O	O
长	O	O
曾	O	O
荫	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
律	O	O
政	O	O
司	O	O
司	O	O
长	O	O
梁	O	O
爱	O	O
诗	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
对	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
与	O	O
阿	O	O
以	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
惋	O	O
惜	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
朱	O	O
邦	O	O
造	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
在	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
分	O	O
别	O	O
与	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
和	O	O
巴	O	B
勒	O	M
斯	O	M
坦	O	E
民	O	O
族	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
并	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
惋	O	O
惜	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
在	O	O
天	B	B
安	M	M
门	M	M
广	M	M
场	E	E
国	O	O
旗	O	O
两	O	O
侧	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
盏	O	O
总	O	O
高	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
径	O	O
６	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
红	O	O
灯	O	O
笼	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
盏	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
灯	O	O
笼	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
两	O	O
侧	O	O
百	O	O
米	O	O
灯	O	O
廊	O	O
相	O	O
映	O	O
生	O	O
辉	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
余	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
与	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
同	O	O
看	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
疆	O	O
兵	O	O
团	O	O
农	O	O
八	O	O
师	O	O
副	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
刘	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
牧	O	O
团	O	O
场	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
选	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
城	O	O
献	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
是	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
送	O	O
戏	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
场	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
光	O	O
景	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
送	O	O
戏	O	O
进	O	O
城	O	O
。	O	O
枯	O	O
水	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
起	O	O
冬	O	O
汛	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
出	O	O
现	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
不	O	O
遇	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
位	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
是	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
就	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
间	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
所	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
份	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
三	O	O
份	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
与	O	O
澳	B	B
洲	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
签	O	O
署	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	B
西	E	E
年	O	O
货	O	O
特	O	O
供	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
巫	B	O
山	E	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
新	O	O
村	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
春	O	O
张	O	O
京	O	O
陈	O	O
辉	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
委	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
界	O	O
别	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
也	O	O
比	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
，	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
后	O	O
港	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
大	O	O
为	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
经	O	O
贸	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
和	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
吉	B	B
林	M	M
省	E	E
各	O	O
级	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
送	O	O
书	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
直	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
将	O	O
向	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
捐	O	O
书	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
册	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
里	O	O
把	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
喜	O	O
闻	O	O
乐	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
二	O	O
人	O	O
转	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
戏	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
村	O	O
屯	O	O
。	O	O
浙	B	O
江	E	O
图	O	O
①	O	O
：	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
了	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	O
西	M	O
富	M	O
川	M	O
瑶	M	O
族	M	O
自	M	O
治	M	O
县	E	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
队	O	O
为	O	O
城	B	B
北	M	M
乡	E	E
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
《	O	O
瑶	O	O
家	O	O
妹	O	O
子	O	O
庆	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
入	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
踊	O	O
跃	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
国	O	O
立	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
院	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
听	O	O
证	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
马	B	B
里	M	M
兰	M	M
州	E	E
伯	B	B
塞	M	M
达	M	M
市	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
针	O	O
灸	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
近	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
精	O	O
英	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
韩	O	O
济	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
医	O	O
科	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
神	O	O
经	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
所	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
导	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
有	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
部	O	O
神	O	O
经	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
室	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
针	O	O
灸	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
和	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
少	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
等	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
被	O	O
喻	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
宝	O	O
库	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
璀	O	O
璨	O	O
明	O	O
珠	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
针	O	O
灸	O	O
对	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
和	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
明	O	O
珠	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
芒	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
于	O	O
执	O	O
针	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
高	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	O
华	M	O
人	M	O
民	M	O
共	M	O
和	M	O
国	E	O
防	O	O
震	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
法	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	O
华	M	O
人	M	O
民	M	O
共	M	O
和	M	O
国	E	O
防	O	O
震	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
予	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
防	O	O
御	O	O
与	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
防	O	O
震	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
防	O	O
震	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
负	O	O
其	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
本	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
震	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
、	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
监	O	O
视	O	O
防	O	O
御	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
与	O	O
临	O	O
震	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
震	O	O
情	O	O
跟	O	O
踪	O	O
会	O	O
商	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
台	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
条	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
建	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
设	O	O
防	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
所	O	O
称	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
次	O	O
生	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
受	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
后	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
水	O	O
灾	O	O
、	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
、	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
、	O	O
剧	O	O
毒	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
强	O	O
腐	O	O
蚀	O	O
性	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
泄	O	O
漏	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
次	O	O
生	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
水	O	O
库	O	O
大	O	O
坝	O	O
、	O	O
堤	O	O
防	O	O
和	O	O
贮	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
贮	O	O
气	O	O
、	O	O
贮	O	O
存	O	O
易	O	O
燃	O	O
易	O	O
爆	O	O
、	O	O
剧	O	O
毒	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
强	O	O
腐	O	O
蚀	O	O
性	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
次	O	O
生	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
用	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
、	O	O
码	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
次	O	O
生	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
构	O	O
筑	O	O
物	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
条	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
震	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
震	O	O
害	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
同	O	O
级	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
防	O	O
震	O	O
减	O	O
灾	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
本	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
后	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
参	O	O
照	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
预	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
本	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
预	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
本	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
；	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
预	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
报	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
备	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
预	O	O
案	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
下	O	O
列	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
四	O	O
）	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
、	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
预	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
、	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
；	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
本	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
三	O	O
）	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
征	O	O
用	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
等	O	O
；	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
责	O	O
成	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
并	O	O
会	O	O
同	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
条	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
保	O	O
卫	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
和	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
计	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
章	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
条	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
条	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
款	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
不	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
性	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
性	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
设	O	O
防	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
设	O	O
防	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
改	O	O
正	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
一	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
条	O	O
截	O	O
留	O	O
、	O	O
挪	O	O
用	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
秦	O	O
华	O	O
孙	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
巴	O	O
特	O	O
勒	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
之	O	O
行	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
后	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
今	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
奋	O	O
进	O	O
”	O	O
号	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
向	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
号	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
站	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
磅	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
和	O	O
淡	O	O
水	O	O
等	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
回	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
号	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
站	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
美	B	O
国	E	O
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
戴	O	O
维	O	O
・	O	O
沃	O	O
尔	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
安	O	O
德	O	O
鲁	O	O
・	O	O
托	O	O
马	O	O
斯	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
运	O	O
回	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
磅	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
样	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
废	O	O
弃	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
奋	O	O
进	O	O
”	O	O
号	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
科	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
与	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
航	O	O
行	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
方	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
美	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
上	O	O
搭	O	O
载	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
个	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
桶	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
Ｇ	O	O
―	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
小	O	O
载	O	O
荷	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
美	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
开	O	O
端	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
篇	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
始	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
低	O	O
廉	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
不	O	O
旺	O	O
等	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
逆	O	O
差	O	O
将	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
至	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
罗	B	B
马	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
政	O	O
坛	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
彼	O	O
得	O	O
・	O	O
罗	O	O
曼	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
现	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
党	O	O
撤	O	O
销	O	O
对	O	O
乔	O	B
尔	O	M
贝	O	M
亚	O	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
推	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
罗	O	O
曼	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
各	O	O
党	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
未	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
罗	B	B
马	M	M
尼	M	M
亚	E	E
改	O	O
革	O	O
滞	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
康	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
丁	O	O
内	O	O
斯	O	O
库	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
法	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
召	O	O
集	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
休	O	O
假	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
两	O	O
院	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
联	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
假	O	O
如	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
内	O	O
对	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
就	O	O
解	O	O
散	O	O
；	O	O
假	O	O
如	O	O
未	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
不	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
后	O	O
遭	O	O
否	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
。	O	O
越	B	B
南	E	E
实	O	O
施	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
紧	O	O
缩	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
越	O	O
南	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
还	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
要	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
还	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
将	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
农	O	O
、	O	O
林	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
：	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
当	O	O
选	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
金	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
众	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
注	O	O
视	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
捐	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
件	O	O
金	O	O
银	O	O
首	O	O
饰	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
共	O	O
渡	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
社	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
科	B	B
特	M	M
迪	M	M
瓦	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
贵	O	O
兰	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
到	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B	B
比	M	M
让	E	E
人	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
礼	O	O
让	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
随	O	O
处	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
阿	B	B
比	M	M
让	E	E
电	O	O
）	O	O
纽	O	B
约	O	E
曼	O	O
哈	O	O
顿	O	O
中	O	O
城	O	O
大	O	O
通	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
黑	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
底	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
见	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
临	O	O
街	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
理	O	O
石	O	O
柱	O	O
旁	O	O
吸	O	O
烟	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
衣	O	O
着	O	O
鲜	O	O
亮	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
便	O	O
知	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
白	O	O
领	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
地	O	O
从	O	O
楼	O	O
里	O	O
跑	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
完	O	O
烟	O	O
又	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
钻	O	O
进	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
。	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
冬	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
虽	O	O
谈	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
凛	O	O
冽	O	O
刺	O	O
骨	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
从	O	O
楼	O	O
里	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
吸	O	O
烟	O	O
客	O	O
着	O	O
装	O	O
单	O	O
薄	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
身	O	O
着	O	O
西	O	O
服	O	O
短	O	O
裙	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
中	O	O
显	O	O
出	O	O
瑟	O	O
缩	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
：	O	O
五	O	O
国	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
图	O	O
强	O	O
在	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
各	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
富	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
“	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
富	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
哈	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
、	O	O
前	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
巴	O	O
尔	O	O
金	O	O
巴	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
为	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
《	O	O
告	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
哈	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
十	O	O
大	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
上	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
虎	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
哈	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
油	O	O
井	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
损	O	O
坏	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
亟	O	O
需	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
欧	O	O
、	O	O
伊	B	B
斯	M	M
兰	E	E
世	O	O
界	O	O
对	O	O
中	B	B
亚	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
渗	O	O
透	O	O
和	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
无	O	O
意	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
迎	O	O
合	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
两	O	O
者	O	O
又	O	O
给	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
端	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
里	B	B
海	E	E
油	O	O
气	O	O
开	O	O
采	O	O
权	O	O
之	O	O
争	O	O
和	O	O
输	O	O
油	O	O
管	O	O
线	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
之	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
综	O	O
上	O	O
所	O	O
述	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
水	O	O
火	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
美	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
旷	O	O
日	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
拉	O	O
锯	O	O
战	O	O
”	O	O
：	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
力	O	O
图	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
俄	O	O
的	O	O
向	O	O
心	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
亚	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
则	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
俄	O	O
的	O	O
离	O	O
心	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
犬	O	O
牙	O	O
交	O	O
错	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
各	O	O
国	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
国	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
若	O	O
从	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
亦	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
将	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
之	O	O
机	O	O
兴	O	O
利	O	O
除	O	O
弊	O	O
，	O	O
求	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
捍	O	O
卫	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
摆	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
下	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
将	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
在	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O
瓯	O	O
海	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
欧	O	O
美	O	O
人	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
团	O	O
聚	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
才	O	O
上	O	O
街	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
到	O	O
闹	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
去	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
数	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
钟	O	O
声	O	O
的	O	O
敲	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
工	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
度	O	O
过	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
夜	O	O
。	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
零	O	O
点	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
钟	O	O
声	O	O
敲	O	O
响	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
榭	M	M
丽	M	M
舍	E	E
大	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
喇	O	O
叭	O	O
齐	O	O
鸣	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
呼	O	O
四	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
欢	O	O
呼	O	O
雀	O	O
跃	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
拥	O	O
抱	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
巴	B	O
黎	E	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
都	O	O
沸	O	O
腾	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
欧	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
同	O	O
小	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
黑	B	B
非	M	M
洲	E	E
度	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
的	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
之	O	O
夜	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
那	O	O
炎	O	O
热	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
婆	O	O
娑	O	O
的	O	O
椰	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
疯	O	O
狂	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
更	O	O
像	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
非	E	E
的	O	O
阿	B	B
拉	M	M
伯	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
之	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
得	O	O
冷	O	O
冷	O	O
清	O	O
清	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
像	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
过	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
放	O	O
假	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
庆	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
像	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
吴	O	O
B	O	O
A	O	O
圣	B	O
马	M	O
可	E	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
是	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
四	O	O
面	O	O
八	O	O
方	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
习	O	O
俗	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
打	O	O
扮	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
穿	O	O
着	O	O
奇	O	O
装	O	O
异	O	O
服	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
穿	O	O
着	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
涂	O	O
着	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
戴	O	O
着	O	O
面	O	O
具	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
扮	O	O
着	O	O
狗	O	O
熊	O	O
、	O	O
米	O	O
老	O	O
鼠	O	O
等	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
滑	O	O
稽	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
着	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
拱	O	O
廊	O	O
里	O	O
挤	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
载	O	O
歌	O	O
载	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
情	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
素	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
来	O	O
逗	O	O
笑	O	O
取	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
往	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
抛	O	O
撒	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
纸	O	O
屑	O	O
，	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
小	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
斗	O	O
智	O	O
显	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
交	O	O
织	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
人	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
狂	O	O
劲	O	O
。	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
旁	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
橱	O	O
窗	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
摆	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
面	O	O
具	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
点	O	O
心	O	O
店	O	O
也	O	O
特	O	O
制	O	O
面	O	O
具	O	O
糕	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
、	O	O
酒	O	O
吧	O	O
间	O	O
还	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
面	O	O
具	O	O
饼	O	O
干	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
墙	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
户	O	O
户	O	O
还	O	O
都	O	O
做	O	O
面	O	O
条	O	O
来	O	O
庆	O	O
贺	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
马	O	O
可	O	O
・	O	O
波	O	O
罗	O	O
从	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
仁	O	O
杰	O	O
虎	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
亚	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
孟	O	O
加	O	O
拉	O	O
虎	O	O
、	O	O
东	O	B
南	O	M
亚	O	E
虎	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
门	O	O
答	O	O
腊	O	O
虎	O	O
、	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
虎	O	O
（	O	O
乌	O	O
苏	O	O
里	O	O
虎	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
华	O	O
南	O	O
虎	O	O
、	O	O
里	O	O
海	O	O
虎	O	O
（	O	O
波	O	O
斯	O	O
虎	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
巴	O	O
厘	O	O
虎	O	O
、	O	O
爪	O	O
哇	O	O
虎	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
亚	O	O
种	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
灭	O	O
绝	O	O
；	O	O
现	O	O
存	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
亚	O	O
种	O	O
中	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
只	O	O
至	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
只	O	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
虎	O	O
幸	O	O
存	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
存	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
孟	O	O
加	O	O
拉	O	O
虎	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
只	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
；	O	O
濒	O	O
临	O	O
灭	O	O
绝	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
华	O	O
南	O	O
虎	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
只	O	O
剩	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
只	O	O
至	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
只	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
夜	O	O
饭	O	O
当	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
光	O	O
临	O	O
新	B	B
加	M	M
坡	E	E
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
家	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
都	O	O
举	O	O
家	O	O
围	O	O
坐	O	O
，	O	O
端	O	O
出	O	O
大	O	O
盆	O	O
年	O	O
糕	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
举	O	O
筷	O	O
大	O	O
吃	O	O
特	O	O
吃	O	O
。	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
取	O	O
“	O	O
年	O	O
糕	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
年	O	O
高	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
升	O	O
高	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
祈	O	O
祷	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
吃	O	O
饱	O	O
吃	O	O
足	O	O
？	O	O
巴	B	B
西	E	E
山	O	O
林	O	O
中	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
稀	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
桦	O	O
果	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
视	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
吉	O	O
祥	O	O
的	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
是	O	O
舍	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
吃	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
钟	O	O
声	O	O
响	O	O
毕	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
倾	O	O
家	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
擎	O	O
火	O	O
把	O	O
，	O	O
轻	O	O
哼	O	O
小	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
涌	O	O
向	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
林	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
争	O	O
先	O	O
恐	O	O
后	O	O
地	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
和	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
桦	O	O
果	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
年	O	O
货	O	O
”	O	O
来	O	O
互	O	O
祝	O	O
来	O	O
年	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
如	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
，	O	O
这	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
颇	O	O
富	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
到	O	O
了	O	O
罗	B	B
马	E	E
。	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
缘	O	O
于	O	O
罗	B	O
马	E	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
厚	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
圣	O	O
诞	O	O
节	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
的	O	O
那	O	O
份	O	O
狂	O	O
热	O	O
和	O	O
浪	O	O
漫	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
超	O	O
级	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
店	O	O
、	O	O
玩	O	O
具	O	O
店	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
装	O	O
饰	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
姿	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
灯	O	O
饰	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
奇	O	O
制	O	O
胜	O	O
；	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
匆	O	O
忙	O	O
选	O	O
购	O	O
火	O	O
鸡	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
或	O	O
为	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
买	O	O
新	O	O
鞋	O	O
新	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
少	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
的	O	O
狂	O	O
热	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
隐	O	O
隐	O	O
地	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
着	O	O
庄	O	O
重	O	O
和	O	O
虔	O	O
诚	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
早	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
罗	B	B
马	E	E
人	O	O
携	O	O
儿	O	O
带	O	O
女	O	O
到	O	O
梵	B	O
蒂	M	O
冈	E	O
诵	O	O
圣	O	O
经	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
祈	O	O
祷	O	O
。	O	O
教	O	O
堂	O	O
礼	O	O
拜	O	O
堂	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
，	O	O
弄	O	O
得	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
无	O	O
上	O	O
帝	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
也	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
虔	O	O
诚	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
圣	O	O
诞	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
法	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
就	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
圣	O	O
诞	O	O
夜	O	O
的	O	O
烟	O	O
囱	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
擦	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
么	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
，	O	O
窗	O	O
户	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
敞	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
鞋	O	O
袜	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
礼	O	O
物	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
是	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
非	O	O
圣	O	O
诞	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
恩	O	O
赐	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
说	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
钟	O	O
声	O	O
敲	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
礼	O	O
花	O	O
映	O	O
红	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B	B
西	E	E
一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
神	O	O
节	O	O
也	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
者	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
边	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
尊	O	O
耶	O	O
稣	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
是	O	O
圣	O	O
母	O	O
的	O	O
塑	O	O
像	O	O
被	O	O
抬	O	O
上	O	O
披	O	O
花	O	O
带	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
桅	O	O
木	O	O
船	O	O
，	O	O
船	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
起	O	O
风	O	O
帆	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
徐	O	O
向	O	O
海	O	O
中	O	O
驶	O	O
去	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
神	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
渐	O	O
渐	O	O
传	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
巴	B	B
西	E	E
内	O	O
地	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
局	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
敬	O	O
海	O	O
神	O	O
、	O	O
求	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
巴	B	B
西	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
今	O	O
年	O	O
也	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
海	O	O
神	O	O
节	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
巴	B	B
西	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
地	O	O
处	O	O
内	O	O
陆	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
便	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
湖	O	O
泊	O	O
前	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
钟	O	O
声	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
神	O	O
塑	O	O
像	O	O
被	O	O
抬	O	O
入	O	O
彩	O	O
船	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
沿	O	O
湖	O	O
游	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
湖	O	O
边	O	O
升	O	O
腾	O	O
起	O	O
缤	O	O
纷	O	O
的	O	O
礼	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
鞭	O	O
炮	O	O
声	O	O
响	O	O
彻	O	O
夜	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O
万	O	O
众	O	O
欢	O	O
呼	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
降	O	O
临	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
慕	B	B
尼	M	M
黑	E	E
是	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
城	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
有	O	O
幸	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
慕	B	B
尼	M	M
黑	E	E
亲	O	O
身	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
如	O	O
痴	O	O
如	O	O
狂	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
，	O	O
品	O	O
尝	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
醇	O	O
厚	O	O
爽	O	O
洌	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B	B
伐	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
略	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
异	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
店	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
露	O	O
天	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
院	O	O
都	O	O
座	O	O
无	O	O
虚	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
宾	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
头	O	O
戴	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
毡	O	O
帽	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
着	O	O
背	O	O
带	O	O
式	O	O
皮	O	O
短	O	O
裤	O	O
和	O	O
翻	O	O
毛	O	O
皮	O	O
鞋	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
观	O	O
光	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
酒	O	O
店	O	O
里	O	O
张	O	O
灯	O	O
结	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
酒	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
铺	O	O
着	O	O
新	O	O
台	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
摆	O	O
着	O	O
漂	O	O
亮	O	O
精	O	O
致	O	O
并	O	O
印	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
祝	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
卡	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
杯	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
换	O	O
成	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
带	O	O
手	O	O
柄	O	O
大	O	O
号	O	O
开	O	O
口	O	O
杯	O	O
或	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
靴	O	O
子	O	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
黑	O	O
人	O	O
鼓	O	O
手	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
智	B	B
利	E	E
首	O	O
都	O	O
圣	B	B
地	M	M
亚	M	M
哥	E	E
“	O	O
珍	O	O
宝	O	O
”	O	O
超	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
促	O	O
销	O	O
新	O	O
招	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
售	O	O
货	O	O
员	O	O
为	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
跳	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
孙	O	O
国	O	O
维	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
●	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
张	B	B
北	E	E
尚	B	B
义	E	E
地	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
里	O	O
氏	O	O
六	O	O
点	O	O
二	O	O
级	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
。	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
房	O	O
倒	O	O
屋	O	O
塌	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
又	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
风	O	O
雪	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
大	B	B
河	M	M
乡	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
震	O	O
后	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
即	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
、	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
废	O	O
墟	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
、	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
防	O	O
寒	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
已	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
到	O	O
震	O	O
区	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
满	O	O
怀	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
大	B	B
河	M	M
乡	E	E
乱	B	B
石	M	M
山	M	M
村	E	E
武	O	O
立	O	O
祥	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
三	O	O
代	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
防	O	O
震	O	O
棚	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
建	O	O
霞	O	O
手	O	O
捧	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
“	O	O
星	O	O
级	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
牌	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
憧	O	O
憬	O	O
着	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	O
州	E	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
女	O	O
足	O	O
赛	O	O
曲	O	O
终	O	O
人	O	O
散	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
战	O	O
越	O	O
勇	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
号	O	O
孙	O	O
雯	O	O
与	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
号	O	O
刘	O	O
英	O	O
于	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
和	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
又	O	O
连	O	O
下	O	O
两	O	O
城	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
马	O	O
元	O	O
安	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
换	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
阵	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
定	O	O
格	O	O
在	O	O
４	O	O
∶	O	O
０	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
９	O	O
号	O	O
孙	O	O
雯	O	O
带	O	O
球	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
瑞	O	O
典	O	O
队	O	O
门	O	O
将	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
攻	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
球	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
雪	O	O
豹	O	O
日	O	O
化	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
许	O	O
钊	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
挑	O	O
战	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
旋	O	O
转	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
获	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
在	O	O
原	O	O
地	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
地	O	O
转	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
４	O	O
分	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
秒	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
大	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
熊	O	O
俊	O	O
陵	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
贵	B	B
州	E	E
铜	B	B
仁	E	E
创	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
旋	O	O
转	O	O
３	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
分	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
秒	O	O
的	O	O
吉	O	O
尼	O	O
斯	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
俊	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
永	O	O
治	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
秧	O	O
歌	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
朝	B	B
阳	M	M
体	M	M
育	M	M
馆	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
选	O	O
拔	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
支	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
秧	O	O
歌	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
队	O	O
近	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
澳	O	O
网	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
辛	O	O
吉	O	O
斯	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
库	O	O
尔	O	O
尼	O	O
科	O	O
娃	O	O
在	O	O
决	O	O
胜	O	O
盘	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
咬	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
紧	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
２	O	O
平	O	O
打	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
库	O	O
尔	O	O
尼	O	O
科	O	O
娃	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
球	O	O
接	O	O
连	O	O
被	O	O
辛	O	O
吉	O	O
斯	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
俯	O	O
首	O	O
称	O	O
臣	O	O
。	O	O
昆	B	B
明	E	E
今	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
晴	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
体	O	O
能	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
名	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
无	O	O
须	O	O
再	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
折	O	O
反	O	O
跑	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
体	O	O
能	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
及	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
甲	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
宏	O	O
远	O	O
队	O	O
因	O	O
故	O	O
将	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
。	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
分	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
：	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
长	B	B
野	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
俞	O	O
宜	O	O
国	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
冬	O	O
季	O	O
奥	O	O
林	O	O
匹	O	O
克	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
奥	O	O
林	O	O
匹	O	O
克	O	O
村	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
“	O	O
开	O	O
张	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
序	O	O
幕	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
团	O	O
是	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
进	O	O
藏	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
年	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
在	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
海	O	O
拔	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
川	O	O
藏	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
边	O	O
防	O	O
战	O	O
备	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
团	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
常	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
川	O	O
藏	O	O
线	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
执	O	O
勤	O	O
。	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
性	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
奇	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
等	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
出	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
把	O	O
在	O	O
川	O	O
藏	O	O
线	O	O
上	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
提	O	O
上	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
营	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
连	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
夏	O	O
B	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
面	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
额	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O
您	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
最	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
？	O	O
万	O	O
宝	O	O
瑞	O	O
：	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
和	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
与	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
同	O	O
在	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
总	O	O
比	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
多	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
虽	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
句	O	O
老	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
话	O	O
老	O	O
理	O	O
不	O	O
老	O	O
，	O	O
闯	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
道	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
连	O	O
片	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
东	O	O
中	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
互	O	O
惠	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
与	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
局	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
厂	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
之	O	O
三	O	O
：	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
磨	O	O
合	O	O
期	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
反	O	O
常	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
要	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
地	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
抛	O	O
弃	O	O
。	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
展	O	O
翅	O	O
高	O	O
飞	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
上	O	O
风	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
集	O	O
八	O	O
所	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
所	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
与	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
风	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
风	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
接	O	O
轨	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
它	O	O
已	O	O
与	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
等	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
风	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
已	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
在	O	O
新	B	B
加	M	M
坡	E	E
、	O	O
马	B	B
来	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
等	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
组	O	O
装	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
风	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
创	O	O
汇	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
居	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
家	O	O
成	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
蜕	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
长	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
走	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
明	O	O
晰	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
辞	O	O
旧	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
们	O	O
道	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
：	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
是	O	O
四	B	B
川	M	M
省	E	E
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
省	O	O
级	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
等	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
被	O	O
四	B	B
川	M	M
省	E	E
和	O	O
成	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
户	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
户	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
和	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
由	O	O
以	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
向	O	O
以	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
高	O	O
分	O	O
辨	O	O
率	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
器	O	O
技	O	O
改	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
及	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
主	O	O
机	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
、	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
台	O	O
轻	O	O
型	O	O
胶	O	O
印	O	O
机	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
和	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
彩	O	O
板	O	O
型	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
都	O	O
已	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
厂	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
成	O	O
都	O	O
新	O	O
明	O	O
机	O	O
电	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
与	O	O
台	O	O
商	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
成	O	O
都	O	O
美	O	O
耐	O	O
皿	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
了	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
省	O	O
轻	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
品	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
引	O	O
入	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
在	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
清	O	O
洁	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
雅	O	O
戈	O	O
尔	O	O
西	O	O
服	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
图	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
杨	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
（	O	O
香	O	O
港	O	O
）	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
认	O	O
可	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ａ	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
创	O	O
世	O	O
牌	O	O
”	O	O
男	O	O
西	O	O
服	O	O
套	O	O
装	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
杨	O	O
牌	O	O
”	O	O
女	O	O
装	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
还	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
’	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
国	O	O
际	O	O
名	O	O
、	O	O
优	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
金	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O
田	O	O
力	O	O
夫	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
同	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
要	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
来	O	O
做	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
好	O	O
是	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
太	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
“	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
靠	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
同	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
革	O	O
命	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
指	O	O
望	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
、	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
斯	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
列	O	O
宁	O	O
去	O	O
做	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
由	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
去	O	O
做	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
与	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
由	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
去	O	O
做	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
简	O	O
述	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
好	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
性	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
包	O	O
含	O	O
两	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
终	O	O
身	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
饭	O	O
碗	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
由	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
批	O	O
办	O	O
制	O	O
：	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
向	O	O
下	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
批	O	O
办	O	O
信	O	O
访	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
同	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
；	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
；	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
纪	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
；	O	O
下	O	O
级	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
单	O	O
独	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
有	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
；	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
访	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
；	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
交	O	O
与	O	O
下	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
；	O	O
久	O	O
拖	O	O
不	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
案	O	O
情	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
案	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
靠	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
查	O	O
清	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
承	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
批	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
完	O	O
毕	O	O
后	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
向	O	O
批	O	O
办	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
报	O	O
送	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
延	O	O
误	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
要	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
督	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
承	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
抓	O	O
、	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
对	O	O
抓	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
把	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
把	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
只	O	O
看	O	O
做	O	O
是	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
把	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
都	O	O
到	O	O
会	O	O
并	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
各	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
（	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
）	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
或	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
齐	O	O
抓	O	O
共	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
抓	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
件	O	O
件	O	O
批	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
督	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
把	O	O
抓	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
对	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
除	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
会	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
会	O	O
或	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
谈	O	O
心	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
本	O	O
级	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
本	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
直	O	O
属	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
省	O	O
抓	O	O
省	O	O
直	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
抓	O	O
市	O	O
直	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
抓	O	O
县	O	O
直	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
抓	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
抓	O	O
本	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
率	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
；	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
以	O	O
权	O	O
谋	O	O
私	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
；	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
大	O	O
案	O	O
要	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
惩	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
道	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
无	O	O
三	O	O
乱	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
安	O	B
徽	O	M
省	O	E
刘	O	O
桥	O	O
一	O	O
矿	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
改	O	O
管	O	O
并	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
桥	O	O
一	O	O
矿	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
粗	O	O
放	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
老	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
率	O	O
低	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
从	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
调	O	O
拨	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
承	O	O
受	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
矿	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
矿	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
出	O	O
改	O	O
管	O	O
并	O	O
举	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
矿	O	O
井	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
硬	O	O
仗	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
照	O	O
部	O	O
颁	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
采	O	O
煤	O	O
、	O	O
掘	O	O
进	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
升	O	O
、	O	O
筛	O	O
选	O	O
等	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
；	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
违	O	O
章	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
不	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
不	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
不	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
隐	O	O
患	O	O
不	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
不	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
苦	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
煤	O	O
炭	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
矿	O	O
井	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
被	O	O
动	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
全	O	O
员	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
向	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
化	O	O
矿	O	O
井	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
把	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
转	O	O
到	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
对	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
羁	O	O
绊	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
桥	O	O
一	O	O
矿	O	O
跟	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
脱	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
隶	O	O
属	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
在	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
局	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
矿	O	O
上	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
三	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
繁	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
因	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
耽	O	O
误	O	O
而	O	O
白	O	O
白	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
隶	O	O
属	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
刘	O	O
桥	O	O
一	O	O
矿	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
让	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
参	O	O
政	O	O
议	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
汇	O	O
集	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
冒	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
顶	O	O
住	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
冲	O	O
破	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
条	O	O
框	O	O
框	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
桥	O	O
一	O	O
矿	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
只	O	O
见	O	O
金	O	O
盾	O	O
、	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
等	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
社	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
摊	O	O
点	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
竞	O	O
相	O	O
索	O	O
取	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
书	O	O
刊	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
向	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
书	O	O
刊	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
和	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
社	O	O
向	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
站	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
册	O	O
书	O	O
刊	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
无	O	O
锡	O	O
轻	O	O
工	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
学	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
农	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
师	O	O
及	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
星	O	O
火	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
人	O	O
等	O	O
十	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
队	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
子	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
给	O	O
围	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
队	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
一	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
乡	O	O
们	O	O
等	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
你	O	O
奔	O	O
我	O	O
赶	O	O
地	O	O
跑	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
住	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
能	O	O
手	O	O
问	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
猪	O	O
崽	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
肯	O	O
吃	O	O
食	O	O
？	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
饲	O	O
料	O	O
喂	O	O
猪	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
？	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
猪	O	O
水	O	O
肿	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
好	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
？	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
老	O	O
乡	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
解	O	O
答	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
开	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
药	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
甘	O	O
肃	O	O
团	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
已	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
团	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
量	O	O
化	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
西	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
、	O	O
沿	O	O
黄	O	O
灌	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
郊	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
建	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
对	O	O
互	O	O
助	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
要	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
对	O	B
口	O	M
县	O	E
至	O	O
少	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
站	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
支	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
星	O	O
火	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
人	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
广	O	O
校	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
班	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
站	O	O
挂	O	O
牌	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	M
市	E	E
依	O	O
托	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
站	O	O
已	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
支	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
星	O	O
火	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
藏	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
畜	O	O
科	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
牧	O	O
区	O	O
向	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
讲	O	O
授	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
草	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
养	O	O
畜	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
范	O	O
长	O	O
国	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
压	O	O
题	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
山	B	B
西	E	E
中	B	B
条	M	M
山	E	E
毛	B	B
家	M	M
湾	E	E
尾	O	O
矿	O	O
库	O	O
复	O	O
垦	O	O
区	O	O
农	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
长	O	O
势	O	O
喜	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
谓	O	O
矿	O	O
山	O	O
废	O	O
弃	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
复	O	O
垦	O	O
？	O	O
它	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
采	O	O
掘	O	O
矿	O	O
山	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
因	O	O
挖	O	O
损	O	O
、	O	O
塌	O	O
陷	O	O
、	O	O
占	O	O
压	O	O
等	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
扰	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
扰	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
损	O	O
坏	O	O
等	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
整	O	O
治	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
到	O	O
可	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O
矿	O	O
山	O	O
复	O	O
垦	O	O
与	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
息	O	O
息	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
两	O	O
项	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
复	O	O
垦	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
复	O	O
垦	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
复	O	O
垦	O	O
后	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
用	O	O
途	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
在	O	O
呼	O	O
唤	O	O
复	O	O
垦	O	O
，	O	O
复	O	O
垦	O	O
在	O	O
换	O	O
来	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
呼	O	O
风	O	O
唤	O	O
雨	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
与	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
性	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
两	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
由	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
与	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
等	O	O
看	O	O
似	O	O
抽	O	O
象	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
起	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
性	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
则	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
力	O	O
（	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
库	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
繁	O	O
花	O	O
似	O	O
锦	O	O
满	O	O
目	O	O
春	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
记	O	O
烟	B	O
台	E	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
接	O	O
入	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
浦	O	O
泉	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
辞	O	O
典	O	O
及	O	O
笔	O	O
记	O	O
本	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
于	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
、	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
和	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
。	O	O
除	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
收	O	O
款	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
票	O	O
据	O	O
打	O	O
印	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
标	O	O
签	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
汉	O	O
字	O	O
寻	O	O
呼	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
微	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
等	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
也	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
缺	O	O
字	O	O
、	O	O
错	O	O
字	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
简	O	O
笔	O	O
不	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
淡	O	O
薄	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
现	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
组	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
也	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
字	O	O
符	O	O
集	O	O
、	O	O
字	O	O
形	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
沿	O	O
用	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
和	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
汉	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
行	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
现	O	O
行	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
汉	O	O
字	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
云	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
著	O	O
《	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
》	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
从	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
与	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
来	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
探	O	O
寻	O	O
与	O	O
遵	O	O
循	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
“	O	O
低	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
辛	O	O
闻	O	O
）	O	O
米	O	O
博	O	O
华	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
而	O	O
呈	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
之	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
玉	O	O
其	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
败	O	O
絮	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
很	O	O
差	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
含	O	O
金	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
销	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
少	O	O
买	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
华	O	O
屋	O	O
豪	O	O
宅	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
中	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
。	O	O
概	O	O
乎	O	O
言	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
甚	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
甚	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
甚	O	O
瓷	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
甚	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
早	O	O
有	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
管	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
须	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
畸	O	O
形	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
比	O	O
不	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
还	O	O
糟	O	O
。	O	O
倘	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
中	O	O
确	O	O
有	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
作	O	O
祟	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
倒	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
引	O	O
为	O	O
借	O	O
镜	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
，	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
过	O	O
热	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
是	O	O
趋	O	O
利	O	O
避	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
明	O	O
智	O	O
之	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
安	O	O
思	O	O
危	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
雨	O	O
绸	O	O
缪	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
出	O	O
大	O	O
错	O	O
。	O	O
飞	O	O
雪	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
画	O	O
）	O	O
李	O	O
成	O	O
岁	O	O
歌	O	O
德	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
集	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
出	O	O
版	O	O
法	O	O
译	O	O
本	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
叫	O	O
安	O	O
培	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
一	O	O
家	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
凡	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O
歌	O	O
德	O	O
读	O	O
毕	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
尽	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
书	O	O
评	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
大	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
见	O	O
恨	O	O
晚	O	O
之	O	O
慨	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
安	O	O
培	O	O
定	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
年	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
百	O	O
、	O	O
阅	O	O
历	O	O
颇	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
经	O	O
查	O	O
访	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
安	O	O
培	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
竟	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
方	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
！	O	O
歌	O	O
德	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
有	O	O
加	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
试	O	O
想	O	O
一	O	O
想	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
那	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
都	O	O
聚	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
来	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
都	O	O
摆	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
供	O	O
人	O	O
阅	O	O
览	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
试	O	O
想	O	O
一	O	O
想	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
桥	O	O
或	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
回	O	O
想	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
街	O	O
的	O	O
拐	O	O
角	O	O
都	O	O
与	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
有	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
《	O	O
歌	O	O
德	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
录	O	O
》	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
页	O	O
）	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
长	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
被	O	O
雪	O	O
宽	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
叶	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
风	O	O
中	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
饥	O	O
渴	O	O
的	O	O
眸	O	O
子	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
叫	O	O
做	O	O
是	O	O
受	O	O
孕	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
灌	O	O
浆	O	O
？	O	O
雪	O	O
落	O	O
村	O	O
野	O	O
大	O	O
平	O	O
原	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
风	O	O
就	O	O
淳	O	O
厚	O	O
悄	O	O
然	O	O
飘	O	O
落	O	O
于	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
浑	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
觉	O	O
中	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
无	O	O
乡	O	O
四	O	O
野	O	O
茫	O	O
茫	O	O
寂	O	O
无	O	O
声	O	O
踩	O	O
在	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
稔	O	O
熟	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
农	O	O
村	O	O
流	O	O
传	O	O
着	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
廿	O	O
三	O	O
送	O	O
灶	O	O
，	O	O
廿	O	O
四	O	O
掸	O	O
烟	O	O
尘	O	O
，	O	O
廿	O	O
五	O	O
牵	O	O
磨	O	O
，	O	O
廿	O	O
六	O	O
蒸	O	O
糕	O	O
，	O	O
廿	O	O
八	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
廿	O	O
九	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
等	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
习	O	O
俗	O	O
。	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
廿	O	O
三	O	O
或	O	O
廿	O	O
四	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
常	O	O
年	O	O
贴	O	O
在	O	O
灶	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
灶	O	O
公	O	O
公	O	O
像	O	O
揭	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
焚	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
把	O	O
灶	O	O
上	O	O
灶	O	O
下	O	O
打	O	O
扫	O	O
得	O	O
干	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
净	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
迎	O	O
灶	O	O
君	O	O
上	O	O
天	O	O
“	O	O
奏	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
”	O	O
后	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
下	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
牵	O	O
磨	O	O
磨	O	O
粉	O	O
蒸	O	O
糕	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
忙	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
开	O	O
交	O	O
。	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
则	O	O
盼	O	O
着	O	O
穿	O	O
新	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
吃	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
玩	O	O
个	O	O
痛	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
压	O	O
岁	O	O
钱	O	O
是	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
向	O	O
长	O	O
辈	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
压	O	O
岁	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
公	O	O
给	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
每	O	O
每	O	O
用	O	O
红	O	O
纸	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
个	O	O
两	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
或	O	O
伍	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
镍	O	O
币	O	O
精	O	O
致	O	O
地	O	O
包	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
卷	O	O
，	O	O
递	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
递	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
暖	O	O
暖	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
接	O	O
在	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
沉	O	O
甸	O	O
甸	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
赏	O	O
玩	O	O
片	O	O
刻	O	O
就	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
共	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
得	O	O
分	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
为	O	O
序	O	O
）	O	O
凤	O	O
头	O	O
郭	O	O
振	O	O
亚	O	O
七	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
潘	O	O
老	O	O
五	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
陈	O	O
四	O	O
长	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
凯	O	O
歌	O	O
颂	O	O
伟	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
通	O	O
业	O	O
盛	O	O
富	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
年	O	O
梅	O	O
因	O	O
瑞	O	O
雪	O	O
吐	O	O
奇	O	O
香	O	B
江	O	E
山	O	O
秀	O	O
丽	O	O
艳	O	O
春	O	O
光	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
浩	O	O
荡	O	O
鼓	O	O
新	O	O
潮	O	O
清	O	O
心	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
符	O	O
民	O	O
意	O	O
神	O	O
州	O	O
共	O	O
庆	O	O
四	O	O
海	O	O
皆	O	O
春	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
有	O	O
政	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
初	O	O
次	O	O
看	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
被	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
浩	O	O
瀚	O	O
所	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
；	O	O
被	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
邃	O	O
、	O	O
神	O	O
秘	O	O
所	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
；	O	O
被	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
粗	O	O
犷	O	O
、	O	O
浪	O	O
漫	O	O
所	O	O
折	O	O
服	O	O
；	O	O
并	O	O
被	O	O
它	O	O
那	O	O
在	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
下	O	O
斑	O	O
驳	O	O
变	O	O
幻	O	O
的	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
所	O	O
迷	O	O
惑	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
刚	O	O
由	O	O
抽	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
摸	O	O
可	O	O
触	O	O
地	O	O
伸	O	O
展	O	O
在	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
叶	O	O
叶	O	O
帆	O	O
板	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
滑	O	O
翔	O	O
，	O	O
宛	O	O
如	O	O
撑	O	O
着	O	O
五	O	O
彩	O	O
缤	O	O
纷	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
弄	O	O
潮	O	O
儿	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
那	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
帆	O	O
板	O	O
集	O	O
训	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
儿	O	O
在	O	O
刷	O	O
新	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
那	O	O
柔	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
那	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
侧	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
留	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
赞	O	O
美	O	O
歌	O	O
吟	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
诱	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
倩	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
温	O	O
柔	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
隐	O	O
藏	O	O
着	O	O
险	O	O
恶	O	O
，	O	O
隐	O	O
藏	O	O
着	O	O
毁	O	O
灭	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
侧	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
放	O	O
荡	O	O
不	O	O
羁	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
台	O	O
风	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
狂	O	O
野	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
咆	O	O
哮	O	O
着	O	O
、	O	O
怒	O	O
吼	O	O
着	O	O
、	O	O
敲	O	O
击	O	O
着	O	O
、	O	O
撕	O	O
扯	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
它	O	O
恣	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
野	O	O
蛮	O	O
与	O	O
冷	O	O
酷	O	O
，	O	O
撞	O	O
碎	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
船	O	O
舸	O	O
，	O	O
撕	O	O
碎	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
轻	O	O
蔑	O	O
了	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
无	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
惩	O	O
罚	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
疯	O	O
狂	O	O
的	O	O
歇	O	O
斯	O	O
底	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
着	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
惊	O	O
心	O	O
动	O	O
魄	O	O
的	O	O
壮	O	O
丽	O	O
。	O	O
海	O	O
天	O	O
茫	O	O
茫	O	O
、	O	O
海	O	O
浪	O	O
滔	O	O
滔	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
看	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
它	O	O
那	O	O
宛	O	O
如	O	O
平	O	O
镜	O	O
的	O	O
碧	O	O
蓝	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
欣	O	O
赏	O	O
它	O	O
那	O	O
惊	O	O
涛	O	O
骇	O	O
浪	O	O
的	O	O
呼	O	O
啸	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
。	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
命	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
民	O	O
风	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
从	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
个	O	O
规	O	O
矩	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
弄	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
对	O	O
头	O	O
？	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
请	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
等	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
田	O	O
纪	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
贾	O	O
庆	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
汉	O	O
斌	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
选	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
吴	O	O
学	O	O
谦	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
汝	O	O
岱	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
兆	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
洪	O	O
学	O	O
智	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
正	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
光	O	O
亚	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
及	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
或	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
了	O	O
王	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
克	O	O
、	O	O
余	O	O
秋	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
劲	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
爱	O	O
萍	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
锡	O	O
联	O	O
、	O	O
段	O	O
君	O	O
毅	O	O
、	O	O
耿	O	O
飚	O	O
、	O	O
姬	O	O
鹏	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
华	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
火	O	O
青	O	O
、	O	O
习	O	O
仲	O	O
勋	O	O
、	O	O
彭	O	O
冲	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
廖	O	O
汉	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
芳	O	O
、	O	O
谷	O	O
牧	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
成	O	O
武	O	O
、	O	O
吕	O	O
正	O	O
操	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
文	O	O
瑞	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
恩	O	O
茂	O	O
、	O	O
汪	O	O
锋	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
天	O	O
翔	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
复	O	O
之	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
鹤	O	O
寿	O	O
、	O	O
杨	O	O
白	O	O
冰	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
力	O	O
群	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
廷	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
光	O	O
等	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
长	O	O
寿	O	O
。	O	O
红	O	O
塔	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
原	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
被	O	O
开	O	O
除	O	O
党	O	O
籍	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
再	O	O
接	O	O
再	O	O
厉	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
单	B	B
晶	M	M
河	M	M
乡	E	E
，	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
重	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
年	O	O
逾	O	O
六	O	O
旬	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
喜	O	O
梅	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
娘	O	O
床	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
病	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
她	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
了	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
握	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
娘	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
挂	O	O
念	O	O
着	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
范	O	O
喜	O	O
梅	O	O
流	O	O
着	O	O
泪	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
查	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
被	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
毁	O	O
坏	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
晶	O	O
河	O	O
乡	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
舍	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
”	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
校	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
贴	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
副	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
心	O	O
系	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
情	O	O
洒	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
横	O	O
批	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
好	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
好	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
暖	O	O
融	O	O
融	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
问	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
级	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
朱	O	O
亚	O	O
男	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
是	O	O
谁	O	O
盖	O	O
的	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
朱	O	O
亚	O	O
男	O	O
答	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
又	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
长	O	O
大	O	O
想	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
当	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
朱	O	O
亚	O	O
男	O	O
和	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
们	O	O
齐	O	O
声	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
想	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
嘱	O	O
咐	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
县	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
再	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
上	O	O
好	O	O
学	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
还	O	O
向	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
在	O	O
校	O	O
生	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
文	O	O
具	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
冲	O	O
锋	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
、	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
、	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
姜	O	O
春	O	O
云	O	O
在	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
都	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
和	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
敬	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
视	O	O
灾	O	O
情	O	O
为	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
视	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
最	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
最	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
天	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
寒	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
宁	O	O
愿	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
在	O	O
雪	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
挖	O	O
坑	O	O
过	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
把	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
让	O	O
给	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
去	O	O
住	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
脱	O	O
下	O	O
棉	O	O
大	O	O
衣	O	O
穿	O	O
在	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
搭	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
间	O	O
保	O	O
暖	O	O
棚	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
无	O	O
家	O	O
可	O	O
归	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
御	O	O
寒	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
畏	O	O
艰	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
敢	O	O
打	O	O
硬	O	O
仗	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
本	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
柱	O	O
石	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
靠	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
最	O	O
可	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
薄	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
题	O	O
写	O	O
书	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
作	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
无	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
兢	O	O
兢	O	O
业	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
忠	O	O
于	O	O
职	O	O
守	O	O
；	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
奉	O	O
公	O	O
；	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
，	O	O
谦	O	O
虚	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
『	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
、	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
等	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
铁	O	O
人	O	O
王	O	O
进	O	O
喜	O	O
生	O	O
前	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
庆	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
大	B	B
庆	E	E
会	O	O
战	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
面	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
马	O	O
德	O	O
仁	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
翼	O	O
齐	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
驰	O	O
名	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
支	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
队	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
拿	O	O
下	O	O
大	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
贫	O	O
油	O	O
”	O	O
帽	O	O
子	O	O
甩	O	O
进	O	O
太	B	B
平	M	M
洋	E	E
，	O	O
立	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
磨	O	O
灭	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
少	O	O
奇	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
视	O	O
察	O	O
大	B	B
庆	E	E
时	O	O
曾	O	O
亲	O	O
临	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
队	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
铁	O	O
人	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
打	O	O
井	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
大	O	O
庆	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
和	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
庆	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
脱	O	O
产	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
英	O	O
语	O	O
、	O	O
钻	O	O
井	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
涉	O	O
外	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
等	O	O
六	O	O
门	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
英	O	O
语	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
；	O	O
队	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
井	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
报	O	O
表	O	O
等	O	O
都	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
搞	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
建	O	O
井	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
大	O	O
为	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
大	B	B
庆	E	E
的	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
子	O	O
星	O	O
座	O	O
”	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
在	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
再	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
颜	O	O
世	O	O
贵	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
京	B	B
城	E	E
十	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
捡	O	O
拾	O	O
灌	O	O
木	O	O
丛	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
塑	O	O
料	O	O
袋	O	O
、	O	O
废	O	O
纸	O	O
片	O	O
等	O	O
杂	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
死	O	O
角	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
净	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
贾	O	O
庆	O	O
林	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
清	O	O
除	O	O
“	O	O
白	O	O
色	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
国	O	O
琦	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
让	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	M	M
市	E	E
１	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
“	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
”	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
项	O	O
便	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
。	O	O
云	B	O
岭	E	O
菜	O	O
花	O	O
香	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
并	O	O
宴	O	O
请	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
“	O	O
正	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
参	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
去	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
剥	O	O
夺	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
年	O	O
满	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
周	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
、	O	O
性	O	O
别	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
出	O	O
身	O	O
、	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
信	O	O
仰	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
被	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
众	O	O
目	O	O
睽	O	O
睽	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
庭	O	O
广	O	O
众	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
选	O	O
民	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
监	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
唱	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
记	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
其	O	O
正	O	O
也	O	O
！	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
小	O	O
使	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
低	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
还	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
尚	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
分	O	O
离	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
不	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
商	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
稀	O	O
缺	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
和	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
低	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
都	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
量	O	O
将	O	O
趋	O	O
于	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
副	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
会	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
而	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
口	O	O
粮	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
转	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
系	O	O
数	O	O
为	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
类	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
占	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
总	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
系	O	O
数	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
对	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
等	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
也	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
为	O	O
数	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
性	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
将	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
逆	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
至	O	O
下	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
将	O	O
要	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
总	O	O
量	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
驻	B	O
马	M	O
店	E	O
农	O	O
行	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
园	O	O
扶	O	O
危	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
救	O	O
助	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
西	M	M
省	E	E
去	O	O
年	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
像	O	O
牛	B	O
角	M	O
湾	E	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
新	O	O
村	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
全	O	O
都	O	O
住	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	O
西	M	O
省	E	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
洪	O	O
涝	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
雹	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
大	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
倒	O	O
塌	O	O
。	O	O
菏	B	O
泽	E	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
之	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
里	O	O
八	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
手	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
而	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
庆	O	O
石	O	O
化	O	O
总	O	O
厂	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
上	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
定	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
炼	O	O
油	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
就	O	O
曾	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
柴	O	O
汽	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
顺	O	O
应	O	O
了	O	O
油	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
该	O	O
厂	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
有	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
打	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
贡	O	O
德	O	O
银	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
伊	O	O
利	O	O
简	O	O
直	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
变	O	O
魔	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
内	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
伊	O	O
利	O	O
实	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
会	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
惊	O	O
诧	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
地	O	O
崛	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
奥	O	O
秘	O	O
何	O	O
在	O	O
？	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
“	O	O
千	O	O
难	O	O
万	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
筹	O	O
措	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
购	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
厂	O	O
里	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
作	O	O
坊	O	O
式	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
项	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
聘	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
视	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
初	O	O
全	O	O
厂	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
要	O	O
你	O	O
动	O	O
大	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
就	O	O
忍	O	O
痛	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
郑	O	O
俊	O	O
怀	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
呼	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
搞	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
回	O	O
民	O	O
奶	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
厂	O	O
榜	O	O
上	O	O
无	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
递	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
迟	O	O
迟	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
伊	O	O
利	O	O
实	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
宣	O	O
告	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
雄	O	O
心	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
的	O	O
伊	O	O
利	O	O
人	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
开	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
呼	O	O
市	O	O
金	O	O
川	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
冷	O	O
冻	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
破	O	O
土	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
按	O	O
常	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
利	O	O
人	O	O
却	O	O
只	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
半	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
没	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
大	O	O
耐	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
伊	O	O
利	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
利	O	O
；	O	O
让	O	O
小	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
大	O	O
利	O	O
；	O	O
让	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
省	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
中	O	O
法	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
攀	B	O
西	E	O
红	B	O
古	M	O
堡	E	O
酿	O	O
酒	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
在	O	O
３	O	O
至	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
高	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
酿	O	O
酒	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
卢	O	O
传	O	O
友	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
怀	B	B
柔	M	M
县	E	E
杨	B	B
宋	M	M
镇	E	E
农	O	O
民	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
京	B	B
城	E	E
的	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
老	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
幅	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
杨	B	O
宋	M	O
镇	E	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
龙	O	O
新	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
退	O	O
伍	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
魏	O	O
德	O	O
义	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
太	O	O
行	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
滚	O	O
动	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
近	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
家	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
杨	O	O
志	O	O
娟	O	O
王	O	O
常	O	O
顺	O	O
）	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
云	O	O
南	O	O
红	O	O
塔	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
玉	O	O
溪	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
厂	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
曾	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
被	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
和	O	O
光	O	O
环	O	O
所	O	O
笼	O	O
罩	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
烟	O	O
草	O	O
大	O	O
王	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
河	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
三	B	B
门	M	M
峡	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
匿	O	O
名	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
信	O	O
寄	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
信	O	O
访	O	O
室	O	O
：	O	O
三	O	O
门	O	O
峡	O	O
市	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
分	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
某	O	O
人	O	O
勾	O	O
结	O	O
洛	O	O
阳	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
厂	O	O
驻	O	O
洛	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
工	O	O
林	O	O
政	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
行	O	O
贿	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
给	O	O
云	O	O
南	O	O
玉	O	O
溪	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
厂	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
礼	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
金	O	O
龟	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
佛	O	O
爷	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
表	O	O
１	O	O
块	O	O
及	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
条	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
林	O	O
政	O	O
志	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
共	O	O
从	O	O
玉	O	O
溪	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
厂	O	O
５	O	O
次	O	O
购	O	O
进	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
利	O	O
８	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
的	O	O
涉	O	O
案	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
云	B	B
南	E	E
、	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
、	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
收	O	O
审	O	O
了	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
马	O	O
静	O	O
芳	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
静	O	O
芬	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
建	O	O
华	O	O
及	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
褚	O	O
映	O	O
群	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
甥	O	O
喻	O	O
斌	O	O
、	O	O
昆	O	O
明	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
刘	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
汕	B	B
头	M	M
市	E	E
个	O	O
体	O	O
烟	O	O
贩	O	O
赖	O	O
喜	O	O
荣	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
线	O	O
索	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
还	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
玉	O	O
溪	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
厂	O	O
在	O	O
厂	O	O
外	O	O
、	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
账	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
笔	O	O
钱	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
玉	O	O
溪	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
厂	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
“	O	O
浮	O	O
价	O	O
烟	O	O
”	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
私	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
金	O	O
库	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
书	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
支	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
存	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
、	O	O
珠	B	B
海	E	E
的	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
广	B	O
东	E	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
家	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
。	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
笔	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
罗	O	O
以	O	O
军	O	O
等	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
押	O	O
的	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
检	O	O
举	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
有	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
预	O	O
审	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
攻	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
防	O	O
线	O	O
崩	O	O
溃	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
供	O	O
认	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
伙	O	O
同	O	O
烟	O	O
厂	O	O
副	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
乔	O	O
发	O	O
科	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
罗	O	O
以	O	O
军	O	O
等	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
账	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
、	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
、	O	O
挪	O	O
用	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
等	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
的	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
起	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
纪	O	O
检	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
也	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
“	O	O
风	O	O
云	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
蜕	O	O
变	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
惋	O	O
惜	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
性	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
对	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
过	O	O
不	O	O
掩	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
功	O	O
不	O	O
抵	O	O
过	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
谁	O	O
，	O	O
功	O	O
劳	O	O
再	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
党	O	O
纪	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
巨	O	O
款	O	O
疏	O	O
通	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
就	O	O
付	O	O
给	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
骗	O	O
子	O	O
）	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
骗	O	O
子	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
去	O	O
“	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
昆	B	B
明	M	M
市	E	E
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
字	O	O
国	O	O
瑞	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
云	O	O
南	O	O
红	O	O
塔	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
玉	O	O
溪	O	O
红	O	O
塔	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
纪	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
院	O	O
和	O	O
云	O	O
南	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
谈	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
勉	O	O
励	O	O
他	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
涉	O	O
案	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
接	O	O
替	O	O
人	O	O
选	O	O
后	O	O
才	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
警	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
重	O	O
敲	O	O
响	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
晚	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
经	O	O
受	O	O
住	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
钱	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
蜕	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
他	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
态	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
罗	O	O
以	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
乔	O	O
发	O	O
科	O	O
、	O	O
盛	O	O
大	O	O
勇	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
瑞	O	O
麟	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
私	O	O
分	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
那	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
接	O	O
任	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
谁	O	O
来	O	O
接	O	O
替	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
来	O	O
接	O	O
任	O	O
我	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
得	O	O
把	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
权	O	O
交	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
也	O	O
苦	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
就	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
交	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
得	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
想	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
白	O	O
苦	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
我	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
私	O	O
分	O	O
了	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
对	O	O
罗	O	O
以	O	O
军	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
够	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
辈	O	O
子	O	O
都	O	O
吃	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
出	O	O
厂	O	O
价	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
“	O	O
红	O	O
塔	O	O
山	O	O
”	O	O
香	O	O
烟	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
销	O	O
者	O	O
按	O	O
出	O	O
厂	O	O
价	O	O
批	O	O
到	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
条	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
赚	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
厚	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
卖	O	O
方	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
求	O	O
购	O	O
者	O	O
源	O	O
源	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
玉	O	O
溪	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
厂	O	O
门	O	O
庭	O	O
若	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
罗	O	O
以	O	O
军	O	O
交	O	O
待	O	O
，	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
私	O	O
分	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
也	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
妥	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
威	O	O
信	O	O
在	O	O
厂	O	O
里	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
顶	O	O
峰	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
圣	O	O
旨	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
交	O	O
待	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
明	O	O
知	O	O
不	O	O
对	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
阻	O	O
挡	O	O
。	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
屡	O	O
屡	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
权	O	O
谋	O	O
私	O	O
、	O	O
触	O	O
犯	O	O
党	O	O
纪	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
像	O	O
褚	O	O
时	O	O
健	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
专	O	O
卖	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
卷	O	O
烟	O	O
厂	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
烟	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
烟	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
烟	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
集	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
专	O	O
卖	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
保	O	O
定	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
暗	O	O
』	O	O
与	O	O
『	O	O
亮	O	O
』	O	O
送	O	O
走	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
而	O	O
宁	O	O
静	O	O
的	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
又	O	O
殷	O	O
勤	O	O
地	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
忙	O	O
碌	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
时	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
岗	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
奏	O	O
响	O	O
雄	O	O
壮	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
班	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
健	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
值	O	O
勤	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
“	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
回	O	O
事	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
值	O	O
班	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
打	O	O
量	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
口	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
圈	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
深	O	O
夜	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
把	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
找	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
整	O	O
改	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
连	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
都	O	O
做	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
关	O	O
治	O	O
瀛	O	O
疾	O	O
言	O	O
厉	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
治	O	O
瀛	O	O
雷	O	O
厉	O	O
风	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
曾	O	O
到	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
搞	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
找	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
；	O	O
他	O	O
也	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
征	O	O
求	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
；	O	O
他	O	O
更	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
一	O	O
“	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
４	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
五	O	O
四	O	O
路	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
在	O	O
局	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
项	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
兼	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
：	O	O
外	O	O
树	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
强	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
太	B	O
原	E	O
双	O	O
拥	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
动	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
（	O	O
陈	O	O
晓	O	O
红	O	O
夏	O	O
同	O	O
杰	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
爽	O	O
）	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
太	B	B
行	M	M
山	M	M
区	E	E
北	O	O
空	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
某	O	O
部	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
步	O	O
步	O	O
高	O	O
”	O	O
登	O	O
山	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
生	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
既	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
又	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
爬	O	O
到	O	O
山	O	O
顶	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
欢	O	O
呼	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
啦	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
满	O	O
东	O	O
燕	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
驻	O	O
扎	O	O
在	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
秦	B	B
皇	M	M
岛	M	M
市	E	E
的	O	O
海	O	O
军	O	O
某	O	O
部	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
为	O	O
驻	O	O
地	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
日	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
动	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
台	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
看	O	O
病	O	O
、	O	O
治	O	O
病	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
军	O	O
训	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
仲	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
省	O	O
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
处	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
专	O	O
程	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
向	O	O
在	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
次	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
勇	O	O
斗	O	O
歹	O	O
徒	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
负	O	O
伤	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
院	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
庞	O	O
国	O	O
标	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
江	O	B
苏	O	M
省	O	E
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
外	O	O
省	O	O
籍	O	O
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
周	O	O
振	O	O
全	O	O
沈	O	O
宫	O	O
轩	O	O
）	O	O
『	O	O
好	O	O
好	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
』	O	O
即	O	O
『	O	O
老	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
好	O	O
好	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
：	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
歪	O	O
风	O	O
邪	O	O
气	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
为	O	O
非	O	O
作	O	O
歹	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
可	O	O
乘	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
者	O	O
被	O	O
孤	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
腐	O	O
蚀	O	O
和	O	O
瓦	O	O
解	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
没	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
『	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
治	O	O
党	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
拒	O	O
腐	O	O
防	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
倡	O	O
廉	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
和	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
远	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
危	O	O
言	O	O
耸	O	O
听	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
将	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
缅	O	O
怀	O	O
田	O	O
中	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
朽	O	O
功	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
世	O	O
代	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
已	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
齐	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
寒	O	O
区	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
靠	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
三	O	O
样	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
土	O	O
豆	O	O
、	O	O
萝	O	O
卜	O	O
、	O	O
白	O	O
菜	O	O
）	O	O
过	O	O
冬	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
寒	O	O
区	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
“	O	O
南	B	O
泥	M	O
湾	E	O
”	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
冬	O	O
种	O	O
冬	O	O
养	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
种	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
温	O	O
室	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
冰	O	O
天	O	O
雪	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
还	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
将	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
等	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
是	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
及	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
、	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
建	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
永	O	O
清	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
历	O	O
任	O	O
华	O	O
东	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
机	O	O
务	O	O
处	O	O
副	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
空	O	O
军	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
厂	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
，	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
局	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
五	O	O
一	O	O
一	O	O
厂	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
兼	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
专	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
兼	O	O
五	O	O
一	O	O
一	O	O
厂	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
局	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
所	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
任	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
局	O	O
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
六	O	O
机	O	O
部	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
组	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
组	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
任	O	O
六	O	O
机	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
经	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赵	O	O
连	O	O
庆	O	O
）	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
内	O	O
地	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
禽	O	O
流	O	O
感	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
活	O	O
鸡	O	O
供	O	O
港	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
理	O	O
航	O	O
站	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
大	O	O
理	O	O
航	O	O
站	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
航	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
建	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
建	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
拔	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
顶	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
原	O	O
是	O	O
裸	O	O
露	O	O
黄	O	O
土	O	O
的	O	O
荒	O	O
山	O	O
草	O	O
坝	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
几	O	O
里	O	O
地	O	O
无	O	O
村	O	O
庄	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
站	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
德	O	O
安	O	O
的	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
站	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
的	O	O
间	O	O
隙	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
挖	O	O
坑	O	O
种	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
土	O	O
植	O	O
草	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
绿	O	O
化	O	O
区	O	O
带	O	O
乱	O	O
石	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
苍	B	B
山	E	E
脚	O	O
下	O	O
运	O	O
来	O	O
山	O	O
基	O	O
土	O	O
５	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
在	O	O
雨	O	O
季	O	O
前	O	O
种	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
树	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
棵	O	O
，	O	O
植	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
亩	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
理	O	O
航	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
迎	O	O
宾	O	O
送	O	O
客	O	O
颇	O	O
具	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
当	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
一	O	O
出	O	O
舱	O	O
门	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
身	O	O
着	O	O
白	O	O
族	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
上	O	O
前	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
您	O	O
到	O	O
大	B	B
理	E	E
来	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
大	B	B
理	E	E
时	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
班	O	O
的	O	O
值	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
候	O	O
机	O	O
楼	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
笔	O	O
直	O	O
地	O	O
站	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
送	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
起	O	O
飞	O	O
。	O	O
杭	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
市	O	O
民	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
市	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
冷	O	O
冻	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
就	O	O
备	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
吨	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
东	B	B
海	E	E
大	O	O
黄	O	O
鱼	O	O
、	O	O
美	B	O
国	E	O
红	O	O
鱼	O	O
等	O	O
六	O	O
种	O	O
海	O	O
水	O	O
活	O	O
鱼	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
淑	O	O
英	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
使	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
过	O	O
个	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
天	B	B
津	M	M
市	E	E
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
院	O	O
团	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
忙	O	O
着	O	O
进	O	O
剧	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
道	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
佳	O	O
肴	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
、	O	O
评	O	O
剧	O	O
、	O	O
河	O	B
北	O	E
梆	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
、	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
话	O	O
剧	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
亮	O	O
相	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
评	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
河	O	O
北	O	O
梆	O	O
子	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
哑	O	O
女	O	O
告	O	O
状	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
牧	O	O
羊	O	O
圈	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
合	O	O
凤	O	O
裙	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
王	O	O
宝	O	O
钏	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
喜	O	O
闻	O	O
乐	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
台	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
朱	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
晓	O	O
玲	O	O
等	O	O
在	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	M
夫	B	M
子	M	M
庙	E	E
的	O	O
秦	B	B
淮	M	M
河	E	E
上	O	O
为	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
从	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
中	O	O
采	O	O
撷	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
贺	O	O
礼	O	O
（	O	O
见	O	O
下	O	O
图	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
可	O	O
领	O	O
略	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
东	B	B
海	E	E
之	O	O
滨	O	O
的	O	O
殷	O	O
殷	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
国	O	O
花	O	O
城	O	O
的	O	O
浓	O	O
浓	O	O
春	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
情	O	O
怀	O	O
，	O	O
三	B	O
秦	E	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
庆	O	O
锣	O	O
鼓	O	O
和	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
京	O	O
腔	O	O
京	O	O
韵	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
模	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
中	O	O
亮	O	O
相	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
致	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
辞	O	O
。	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
闹	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
串	O	O
联	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
周	O	O
桂	O	O
英	O	O
）	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
将	O	O
至	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
风	O	O
和	O	O
日	O	O
丽	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
笑	O	O
容	O	O
满	O	O
面	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
街	O	O
串	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
向	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
清	B	O
华	M	O
园	E	O
青	O	O
竹	O	O
掩	O	O
映	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
光	O	O
斗	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
家	O	O
像	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
岁	O	O
高	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
光	O	O
斗	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
三	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
不	O	O
离	O	O
本	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
向	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
谈	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
对	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
节	O	O
水	O	O
型	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
就	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
水	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
等	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
温	O	O
家	O	O
宝	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
把	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
下	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
节	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
后	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
就	O	O
水	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
作	O	O
统	O	O
盘	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
之	O	O
肾	O	O
”	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
华	O	O
夏	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
耀	O	O
邦	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
和	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
迫	O	O
在	O	O
眉	O	O
睫	O	O
。	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
与	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
与	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
湿	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
鸿	O	O
孙	O	O
录	O	O
打	O	O
量	O	O
着	O	O
消	O	O
瘦	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
她	O	O
穿	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
小	O	O
又	O	O
薄	O	O
且	O	O
多	O	O
处	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
花	O	O
袄	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
酸	O	O
楚	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
蹲	O	O
下	O	O
身	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
拉	O	O
着	O	O
她	O	O
黑	O	O
乎	O	O
乎	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
手	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
想	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
想	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
金	O	O
金	O	O
沉	O	O
默	O	O
片	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
爽	O	O
快	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
。	O	O
孙	O	O
录	O	O
热	O	O
泪	O	O
盈	O	O
眶	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
金	O	O
金	O	O
搂	O	O
到	O	O
怀	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
认	O	O
你	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
孙	O	O
女	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
叫	O	O
我	O	O
孙	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
吧	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
孙	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
金	O	O
金	O	O
羞	O	O
涩	O	O
而	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
地	O	O
叫	O	O
着	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
孙	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
抚	O	O
摸	O	O
着	O	O
金	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
但	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
好	O	O
好	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
临	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
叮	O	O
咛	O	O
老	O	O
赵	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
对	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
讲	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
金	O	O
金	O	O
要	O	O
多	O	O
加	O	O
关	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
给	O	O
吃	O	O
点	O	O
‘	O	O
偏	O	O
饭	O	O
’	O	O
。	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
多	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
多	O	O
过	O	O
问	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
小	B	O
浪	M	O
底	E	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
陶	O	O
窑	O	O
和	O	O
古	O	O
栈	O	O
道	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
欢	O	O
声	O	O
笑	O	O
语	O	O
辞	O	O
旧	O	O
岁	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
留	O	O
校	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
团	O	O
聚	O	O
互	O	O
勉	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
华	O	O
茂	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
与	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
界	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
创	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
多	O	O
期	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
。	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
龙	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
获	O	O
邀	O	O
以	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
企	O	O
业	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
臭	O	O
氧	O	O
层	O	O
颁	O	O
奖	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
台	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
则	O	O
被	O	O
安	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
纽	O	B
约	O	E
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
蒙	B	B
特	M	M
利	M	M
尔	M	E
联	M	O
合	M	O
国	M	O
大	M	O
厦	E	O
作	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
之	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
沈	O	O
关	O	O
学	O	O
何	O	O
志	O	O
毛	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
水	O	O
箱	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
渥	B	B
太	M	M
华	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
邹	O	O
德	O	O
浩	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
皇	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
的	O	O
蒙	O	O
特	O	O
利	O	O
尔	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
北	B	B
美	E	E
第	O	O
十	O	O
、	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
大	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
为	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
南	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
话	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
安	O	O
南	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
降	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
“	O	O
小	O	O
老	O	O
虎	O	O
”	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
和	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
。	O	O
安	O	O
南	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
看	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
偏	O	O
心	O	O
呐	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
实	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
都	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
次	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
访	O	O
华	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
走	O	O
到	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
儿	O	O
童	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
脸	O	O
蛋	O	O
都	O	O
红	O	O
扑	O	O
扑	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
朵	O	O
朵	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
爱	O	O
极	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
也	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
儿	O	O
童	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
《	O	O
韩	O	O
日	O	O
渔	O	O
业	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
允	O	O
许	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
渔	O	O
船	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
方	O	O
领	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
围	O	O
边	O	O
线	O	O
捕	O	O
鱼	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
越	O	O
界	O	O
捕	O	O
鱼	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
也	O	O
只	O	O
向	O	O
韩	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
西	O	B
海	O	E
沿	O	O
岸	O	O
和	O	O
北	B	B
海	M	M
道	E	E
沿	O	O
海	O	O
一	O	O
带	O	O
渔	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
渔	O	O
船	O	O
捕	O	O
鱼	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
其	O	O
后	O	O
韩	O	O
日	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
渔	O	O
民	O	O
常	O	O
因	O	O
捕	O	O
鱼	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
渔	O	O
民	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
捕	O	O
鱼	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
划	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
界	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
因	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
独	B	O
岛	E	O
（	O	O
日	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
竹	B	O
岛	E	O
”	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
土	O	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
岛	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
设	O	O
定	O	O
“	O	O
暂	O	O
定	O	O
水	O	O
域	O	O
”	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
次	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
终	O	O
未	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
方	O	O
扣	O	O
押	O	O
韩	O	O
方	O	O
渔	O	O
船	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
奋	O	O
进	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
对	O	O
接	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
换	O	O
岗	O	O
如	O	O
期	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
依	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
和	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
低	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
差	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
附	O	O
加	O	O
值	O	O
低	O	O
、	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
重	O	O
、	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
对	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
不	O	O
善	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
平	B	B
壤	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
朝	O	O
鲜	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
报	O	O
《	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
朝	B	O
鲜	E	O
》	O	O
报	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
肆	O	O
意	O	O
对	O	O
别	O	O
国	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
彻	O	O
底	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
。	O	O
连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
英	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
学	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
捐	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
重	O	O
返	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
、	O	O
欢	O	O
度	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
伦	O	O
敦	O	O
帝	O	O
国	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
学	O	O
联	O	O
在	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
站	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
约	B	B
翰	M	M
内	M	M
斯	M	M
堡	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
新	O	O
烽	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
南	B	B
非	E	E
前	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
博	O	O
塔	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
乔	O	O
治	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
否	O	O
认	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
有	O	O
罪	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
隔	O	O
离	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
辩	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
让	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
案	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
开	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
卢	O	O
格	O	O
柱	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
在	O	O
开	O	O
庭	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
后	O	O
便	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
将	O	O
该	O	O
案	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
博	O	O
塔	O	O
否	O	O
认	O	O
有	O	O
罪	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
案	O	O
将	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
介	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
了	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
同	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
在	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
上	O	O
对	O	O
峙	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
佩	O	O
克	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
已	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
维	B	B
也	M	M
纳	E	E
召	O	O
开	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
商	O	O
讨	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
一	O	O
浪	O	O
高	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
浪	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
衍	O	O
生	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
层	O	O
出	O	O
不	O	O
穷	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
同	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
分	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
两	O	O
重	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
严	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
周	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
控	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
？	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
？	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
”	O	O
？	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
货	O	O
币	O	O
和	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
双	O	O
双	O	O
暴	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
和	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
暴	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
估	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
从	O	O
对	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
估	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
如	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
撞	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
墙	O	O
，	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
将	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
”	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
以	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
就	O	O
此	O	O
预	O	O
言	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
蹶	O	O
不	O	O
振	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
为	O	O
时	O	O
过	O	O
早	O	O
。	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
重	O	O
灾	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
能	O	O
按	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
望	O	O
调	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
所	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
预	O	O
期	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
衰	O	O
退	O	O
的	O	O
阴	O	O
霾	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
迹	O	O
象	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
最	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
却	O	O
未	O	O
就	O	O
此	O	O
停	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
超	O	O
贬	O	O
”	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
震	O	O
荡	O	O
是	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
较	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	B
亚	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	B
亚	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
币	O	O
值	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
到	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
价	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
将	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
转	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
观	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	B
南	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
及	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
非	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
较	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
所	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
性	O	O
也	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
可	O	O
图	O	O
且	O	O
见	O	O
效	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
类	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
撤	O	O
离	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
受	O	O
资	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
墨	B	B
西	M	M
哥	E	E
和	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｆ	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｆ	O	O
和	O	O
日	O	O
本	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
向	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
印	B	B
度	M	M
尼	M	M
西	M	M
亚	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
向	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
揽	O	O
子	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｆ	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
药	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
从	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
价	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
如	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
间	O	O
接	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
在	O	O
连	O	O
接	O	O
已	O	O
从	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
（	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
波	O	O
动	O	O
却	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
才	O	O
会	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
为	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
波	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
后	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
为	O	O
以	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
泰	O	O
、	O	O
韩	O	O
和	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
等	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
；	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
都	O	O
有	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
；	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
韩	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
都	O	O
有	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
是	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
暴	O	O
跌	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
兑	O	O
１	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
新	O	O
低	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
印	B	B
尼	E	E
首	O	O
都	O	O
雅	B	B
加	M	M
达	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
数	O	O
印	O	O
尼	O	O
盾	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
）	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
开	O	O
战	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
不	O	O
俗	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
各	O	O
两	O	O
支	O	O
升	O	O
班	O	O
马	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
相	O	O
残	O	O
杀	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
轮	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
焦	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
轮	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
均	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
胜	O	O
一	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
均	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
∶	O	O
０	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
河	B	B
南	E	E
和	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
男	O	O
排	O	O
仍	O	O
保	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
其	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
榜	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
则	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	B
川	O	E
女	O	O
排	O	O
仍	O	O
旧	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
胜	O	O
绩	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
男	O	O
排	O	O
本	O	O
轮	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
终	O	O
尝	O	O
胜	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
３	O	O
∶	O	O
２	O	O
险	O	O
胜	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
的	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
男	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
让	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
父	O	O
老	O	O
在	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
赛	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
回	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
届	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
以	O	O
老	O	O
将	O	O
担	O	O
纲	O	O
苦	O	O
苦	O	O
保	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
男	O	O
排	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
未	O	O
有	O	O
胜	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
饱	O	O
尝	O	O
不	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
旧	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
级	O	O
而	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
渺	O	O
茫	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
各	O	O
队	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
课	O	O
。	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
甚	O	O
少	O	O
仍	O	O
旧	O	O
是	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
头	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
球	O	O
市	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
什	B	O
刹	M	O
海	E	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
馆	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
８	O	O
金	O	O
２	O	O
银	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
京	B	O
都	E	O
武	O	O
坛	O	O
名	O	O
手	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
登	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
矫	O	O
健	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
手	O	O
和	O	O
娴	O	O
熟	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
庆	O	O
贺	O	O
牛	O	O
年	O	O
硕	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
桥	O	O
牌	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
华	O	O
远	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
又	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
与	O	O
北	O	B
京	O	M
市	O	E
桥	O	O
牌	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
续	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
“	O	O
华	O	O
远	O	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
系	O	O
列	O	O
桥	O	O
牌	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
华	O	O
远	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
任	O	O
志	O	O
强	O	O
还	O	O
向	O	O
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
牌	O	O
手	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
队	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
华	O	O
远	O	O
桥	O	O
牌	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
场	O	O
由	O	O
法	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
对	O	O
秘	O	O
鲁	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
秘	O	O
鲁	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
打	O	O
得	O	O
难	O	O
解	O	O
难	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
踢	O	O
成	O	O
平	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
互	O	O
射	O	O
点	O	O
球	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
胜	O	O
负	O	O
。	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
略	O	O
胜	O	O
一	O	O
筹	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
六	O	O
比	O	O
五	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
了	O	O
秘	B	B
鲁	E	E
人	O	O
，	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
闯	O	O
进	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
余	B	O
姚	E	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
爱	O	O
立	O	O
信	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
擂	O	O
台	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
浙	B	B
江	M	M
省	E	E
余	B	O
姚	M	O
市	E	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
场	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
刘	O	O
国	O	O
梁	O	O
和	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
女	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
王	O	O
晨	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
闯	O	O
入	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
队	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
队	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
东	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
１	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
瑞	O	O
士	O	O
队	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
协	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
、	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
上	O	O
都	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
协	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
赴	O	O
厦	B	B
门	E	E
观	O	O
战	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O
萨	O	O
马	O	O
兰	O	O
奇	O	O
在	O	O
洛	B	B
桑	E	E
表	O	O
示	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
萨	O	O
马	O	O
兰	O	O
奇	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
已	O	O
经	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
东	B	O
京	E	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
札	B	O
幌	E	O
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
留	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
冬	O	O
奥	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
大	B	O
阪	M	O
市	E	O
申	O	O
办	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
奥	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
“	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
萨	O	O
马	O	O
兰	O	O
奇	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
长	B	B
野	E	E
。	O	O
在	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
单	O	O
打	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
桑	O	O
普	O	O
拉	O	O
斯	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
直	O	O
落	O	O
３	O	O
盘	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
７	O	O
∶	O	O
６	O	O
、	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
４	O	O
、	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
４	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
摩	B	B
洛	M	M
哥	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
年	O	O
仅	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
济	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
精	O	O
湛	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
技	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
头	O	O
号	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
桑	O	O
普	O	O
拉	O	O
斯	O	O
使	O	O
出	O	O
浑	O	O
身	O	O
解	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
新	O	O
秀	O	O
维	O	O
・	O	O
威	O	O
廉	O	O
姆	O	O
斯	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
以	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
４	O	O
、	O	O
６	O	O
∶	O	O
１	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
瑞	B	B
士	E	E
选	O	O
手	O	O
施	O	O
尼	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
单	O	O
打	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
政	O	O
瞧	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
子	O	O
袁	O	O
国	O	O
君	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
沈	B	B
阳	M	M
市	E	E
辽	B	B
中	M	M
县	E	E
辽	B	B
中	M	M
镇	E	E
东	B	O
街	E	O
五	O	O
委	O	O
，	O	O
五	O	O
世	O	O
同	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
口	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
孙	O	O
氏	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
孙	O	O
荣	O	O
病	O	O
故	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
与	O	O
膝	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
儿	O	O
女	O	O
相	O	O
依	O	O
为	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
孙	O	O
氏	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
又	O	O
来	O	O
给	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
袁	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
共	O	O
度	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
沉	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
乐	O	O
融	O	O
融	O	O
的	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
伦	O	O
之	O	O
乐	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
时	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
风	O	O
貌	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
浦	B	B
东	E	E
新	O	O
景	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
休	O	O
闲	O	O
度	O	O
假	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
光	O	O
购	O	O
物	O	O
游	O	O
等	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
类	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
条	O	O
线	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
商	O	O
家	O	O
早	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
备	O	O
战	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
货	O	O
品	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
充	O	O
裕	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
到	O	O
花	O	O
色	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
都	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O
家	O	O
居	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
讯	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
、	O	O
床	O	O
上	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
针	O	O
棉	O	O
织	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
卖	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
俏	O	O
。	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
实	O	O
惠	O	O
的	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
连	O	O
几	O	O
日	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
纷	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
塞	O	O
外	O	O
青	B	B
城	E	E
呼	B	B
和	M	M
浩	M	M
特	E	E
气	O	O
温	O	O
骤	O	O
降	O	O
。	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
廿	O	O
一	O	O
早	O	O
上	O	O
六	O	O
点	O	O
多	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
杨	O	O
茂	O	O
儒	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
摸	O	O
着	O	O
黑	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
呼	B	B
和	M	M
浩	M	M
特	E	E
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
东	B	O
瓦	M	O
窑	M	O
菜	M	O
市	M	O
场	E	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
的	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
运	O	O
回	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
卖	O	O
菜	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
棚	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
棚	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
炉	O	O
又	O	O
往	O	O
旺	O	O
捅	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
怕	O	O
把	O	O
菜	O	O
冻	O	O
着	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
户	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
诗	O	O
云	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
否	O	O
认	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
低	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
让	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
吃	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
回	O	O
避	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
概	O	O
避	O	O
开	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
销	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
还	O	O
贷	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
漏	O	O
掉	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
亟	O	O
待	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
！	O	O
萨	O	O
奇	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
何	O	O
以	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
？	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
流	O	O
出	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
真	O	O
空	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
新	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
者	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
资	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
）	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
尤	O	O
为	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
判	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
流	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
真	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
；	O	O
内	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
弱	O	O
于	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
度	O	O
略	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
其	O	O
基	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
判	O	O
断	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
尘	O	O
埃	O	O
落	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
态	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
违	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
恐	O	O
慌	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
是	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
面	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
万	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
传	O	O
导	O	O
主	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
受	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
违	O	O
约	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
性	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
事	O	O
态	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
警	O	O
、	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
补	O	O
救	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
行	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
称	O	O
某	O	O
“	O	O
支	O	O
行	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
员	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
柜	O	O
台	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
员	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
找	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
审	O	O
票	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
向	O	O
出	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
查	O	O
询	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
支	O	O
行	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
员	O	O
”	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
假	O	O
票	O	O
据	O	O
。	O	O
听	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
支	O	O
行	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
员	O	O
”	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
又	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
迷	O	O
惑	O	O
地	O	O
问	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
票	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
拿	O	O
到	O	O
钱	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
用	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
而	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
工	O	O
行	O	O
以	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
都	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
家	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
买	O	O
卖	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
，	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
叫	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
地	O	O
买	O	O
卖	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
。	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
和	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
；	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
；	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
；	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
；	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
结	O	O
算	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
；	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
及	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
深	O	O
证	O	O
成	O	O
份	O	O
股	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
日	O	O
Ｋ	O	O
线	O	O
图	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
前	O	O
周	O	O
收	O	O
盘	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
开	O	O
盘	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
上	O	O
证	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
股	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
深	O	O
证	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
股	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
・	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
冰	O	O
熊	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
凤	O	O
凰	O	O
光	O	O
学	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
３	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
深	O	O
市	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
前	O	O
五	O	O
名	O	O
（	O	O
％	O	O
）	O	O
４	O	O
美	O	O
达	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
意	O	O
气	O	O
用	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
封	O	O
库	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
又	O	O
行	O	O
『	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
』	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
犯	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
然	O	O
敲	O	O
诈	O	O
开	O	O
出	O	O
天	O	O
价	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
封	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
价	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
步	O	O
长	O	O
”	O	O
尝	O	O
苦	O	O
果	O	O
在	O	O
请	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
省	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
局	O	O
并	O	O
由	O	O
省	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
局	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
咸	O	O
阳	O	O
市	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
局	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
所	O	O
于	O	O
６	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
对	O	O
步	O	O
长	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
美	O	O
英	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
了	O	O
犯	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
７	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
步	O	O
长	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
频	O	O
频	O	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
整	O	O
改	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
将	O	O
获	O	O
准	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
用	O	O
药	O	O
上	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
Ｚ	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
证	O	O
从	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
取	O	O
回	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
锁	O	O
进	O	O
柜	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
向	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
封	O	O
库	O	O
那	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
整	O	O
改	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
省	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
所	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
Ｚ	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
时	O	O
才	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
获	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
证	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
回	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
分	O	O
清	O	O
两	O	O
类	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
故	O	O
意	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
并	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
加	O	O
惩	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
才	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
对	O	O
非	O	O
故	O	O
意	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
未	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
应	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
于	O	O
帮	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
更	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
帮	O	O
其	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
安	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
买	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
到	O	O
架	O	O
话	O	O
线	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
局	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
包	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
想	O	O
要	O	O
个	O	O
乳	O	O
白	O	O
色	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
黑	O	O
色	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
无	O	O
可	O	O
奈	O	O
何	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
说	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
抽	O	O
样	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
时	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
局	O	O
指	O	O
定	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
已	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
１	O	O
亿	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
撑	O	O
起	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
半	O	O
壁	O	O
江	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
内	O	O
销	O	O
近	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
最	O	O
热	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
量	O	O
呈	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
新	O	O
制	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
占	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
型	O	O
按	O	O
键	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
免	O	O
提	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
，	O	O
语	O	O
音	O	O
答	O	O
录	O	O
、	O	O
液	O	O
晶	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
、	O	O
带	O	O
锁	O	O
、	O	O
防	O	O
盗	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
辅	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
已	O	O
日	O	O
渐	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
电	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
可	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
也	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
还	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
模	O	O
拟	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
无	O	O
绳	O	O
话	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
化	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
泰	O	O
民	O	O
安	O	O
辞	O	O
旧	O	O
岁	O	O
龙	O	O
腾	O	O
虎	O	O
跃	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
７	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
图	O	O
⑦	O	O
挥	O	O
毫	O	O
泼	O	O
墨	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
唐	O	O
召	O	O
明	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
坐	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	M
王	B	M
府	M	M
井	E	E
的	O	O
东	B	O
安	M	O
市	M	O
场	E	O
始	O	O
建	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
３	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
东	B	O
安	M	O
市	M	O
场	E	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
７	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
梯	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
扶	O	O
梯	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
光	O	O
梯	O	O
、	O	O
货	O	O
梯	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
达	O	O
或	O	O
跨	O	O
层	O	O
梯	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
提	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
东	O	O
安	O	O
”	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
停	O	O
车	O	O
场	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
车	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
寸	O	O
土	O	O
寸	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
王	B	O
府	M	O
井	E	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
又	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
提	O	O
速	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
快	O	O
捷	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
提	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
准	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
深	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
Ｘ	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
摆	O	O
式	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
（	O	O
见	O	O
上	O	O
图	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
于	O	O
上	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
―	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
―	O	O
九	B	O
龙	E	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
运	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
速	O	O
将	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
至	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
的	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
会	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
京	O	O
广	O	O
、	O	O
京	O	O
九	O	O
两	O	O
线	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
搭	O	O
构	O	O
京	O	O
广	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
架	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
开	O	O
本	O	O
线	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
开	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
和	O	O
直	O	O
达	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
；	O	O
以	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
为	O	O
始	O	O
发	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
点	O	O
对	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
途	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
达	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
；	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
始	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
终	O	O
到	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
程	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
５	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
“	O	O
朝	O	O
发	O	O
夕	O	O
归	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
程	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
８	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
“	O	O
夕	O	O
发	O	O
朝	O	O
至	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
至	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
６	O	O
―	O	O
８	O	O
对	O	O
；	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
至	O	O
郑	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
４	O	O
―	O	O
６	O	O
对	O	O
；	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
至	O	O
武	B	B
昌	E	E
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
４	O	O
对	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
；	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
至	O	O
长	B	B
沙	E	E
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
两	O	O
对	O	O
；	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
至	O	O
广	B	B
州	E	E
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
行	O	O
２	O	O
对	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
京	O	O
广	O	O
线	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
计	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
对	O	O
客	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
京	O	O
广	O	O
线	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
运	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
要	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
卡	O	O
脖	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
区	O	O
段	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
，	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
可	O	O
望	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
四	O	O
得	O	O
”	O	O
：	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
京	O	O
山	O	O
线	O	O
津	O	B
山	O	E
段	O	O
腾	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
运	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
三	O	O
省	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
东	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
往	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
、	O	O
西	O	O
南	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
物	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
走	O	O
京	O	O
广	O	O
线	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
京	O	O
九	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
可	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
对	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
崔	O	O
（	O	O
摇	O	O
音	O	O
）	O	O
摄	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
途	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
途	O	O
客	O	O
运	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
直	O	O
通	O	O
客	O	O
流	O	O
；	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
的	O	O
短	O	O
途	O	O
客	O	O
运	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
；	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
性	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
各	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
；	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
行	O	O
李	O	O
包	O	O
裹	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
行	O	O
包	O	O
运	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
货	O	O
物	O	O
发	O	O
送	O	O
量	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
发	O	O
送	O	O
量	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
―	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
亿	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
换	O	O
算	O	O
周	O	O
转	O	O
量	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
８	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
营	O	O
减	O	O
亏	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
直	O	O
面	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
”	O	O
三	O	O
调	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
图	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
与	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
路	O	O
十	O	O
佳	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
齐	O	B
齐	O	M
哈	O	M
尔	O	E
客	O	O
运	O	O
段	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
／	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
次	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
为	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
献	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
客	O	O
货	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
局	O	O
将	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
买	O	O
票	O	O
难	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
务	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
客	O	O
票	O	O
发	O	O
售	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
订	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
异	O	O
地	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
发	O	O
售	O	O
往	O	O
返	O	O
票	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
程	O	O
票	O	O
和	O	O
月	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
预	O	O
售	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
预	O	O
售	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
还	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
像	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
客	O	O
票	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
让	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
买	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
票	O	O
像	O	O
买	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
票	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
、	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
票	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
先	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
局	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
：	O	O
由	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
局	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
售	O	O
票	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
代	O	O
销	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
外	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
客	O	O
票	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
代	O	O
理	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
按	O	O
客	O	O
票	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
提	O	O
取	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
销	O	O
者	O	O
要	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
不	O	O
搞	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
价	O	O
外	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
要	O	O
车	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
兑	O	O
现	O	O
率	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
繁	O	O
琐	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
多	O	O
等	O	O
弊	O	O
端	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
从	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
货	O	O
主	O	O
、	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
、	O	O
兑	O	O
现	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
在	O	O
太	O	O
原	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
年	O	O
富	O	O
力	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
刘	O	O
志	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
铁	O	O
道	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
管	O	O
客	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
部	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
提	O	O
速	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
图	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
就	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
、	O	O
汉	O	O
口	O	O
站	O	O
将	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
项	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
单	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
单	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
货	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O
●	O	O
单	O	O
程	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
８	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
“	O	O
夕	O	O
发	O	O
朝	O	O
至	O	O
”	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
都	O	O
无	O	O
异	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
想	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
给	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
误	O	O
导	O	O
岛	O	O
内	O	O
民	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
含	O	O
义	O	O
是	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
在	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
郑	O	O
重	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
土	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
要	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
；	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
言	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
。	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
前	O	O
途	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
搞	O	O
“	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
独	O	O
立	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
丁	O	O
丑	O	O
年	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
桃	O	O
换	O	O
旧	O	O
符	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
谨	O	O
向	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
阖	O	O
家	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
，	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
下	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
带	O	O
入	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
！	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
在	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
是	O	O
现	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
下	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
敌	O	O
对	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
经	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
了	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
求	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
求	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
、	O	O
分	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
就	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
性	O	O
商	O	O
谈	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
性	O	O
商	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
势	O	O
所	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
诚	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
当	O	O
家	O	O
作	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
的	O	O
本	O	O
省	O	O
籍	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
外	O	O
省	O	O
籍	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
、	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
和	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
持	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
望	O	O
或	O	O
疑	O	O
虑	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
有	O	O
消	O	O
极	O	O
、	O	O
抵	O	O
触	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
互	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
按	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
与	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
在	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
与	O	O
认	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
雷	O	O
洁	O	O
琼	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
光	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
思	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
王	O	O
兆	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
伟	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
孚	O	O
凌	O	O
、	O	O
万	O	O
国	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
何	O	O
鲁	O	O
丽	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
厅	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
团	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
通	O	O
胀	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
稳	O	O
中	O	O
求	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
着	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
团	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
、	O	O
钱	O	O
其	O	O
琛	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
、	O	O
迟	O	O
浩	O	O
田	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
贵	O	O
鲜	O	O
、	O	O
陈	O	O
俊	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
司	O	O
马	O	O
义	O	O
・	O	O
艾	O	O
买	O	O
提	O	O
、	O	O
彭	O	O
	O	O
云	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	M
江	O	E
泽	O	O
民	O	O
致	O	O
贺	O	O
词	O	O
祝	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
中	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
前	O	O
往	O	O
维	B	B
也	M	M
纳	E	E
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	M
南	M	M
极	M	M
长	M	M
城	M	M
站	E	E
位	O	O
于	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	M
半	O	M
岛	O	E
的	O	O
乔	B	O
治	M	O
王	M	O
岛	E	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
南	B	B
极	E	E
考	O	O
察	O	O
队	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
初	O	O
具	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
以	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
冰	O	O
川	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
学	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
地	O	O
磁	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
、	O	O
遥	O	O
感	O	O
、	O	O
噪	O	O
声	O	O
等	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	O	O
幼	O	O
棣	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
正	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
在	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
处	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
等	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
和	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
一	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
尉	O	O
健	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
岚	O	O
清	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
度	O	O
良	O	O
宵	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
丁	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
铁	O	O
映	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
干	O	O
、	O	O
贾	O	O
庆	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
曾	O	O
庆	O	O
红	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
洁	O	O
琼	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
光	O	O
英	O	O
、	O	O
布	O	O
赫	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
光	O	O
亚	O	O
、	O	O
万	O	O
国	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
谷	O	O
牧	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
文	O	O
瑞	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
廷	O	O
发	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
①	O	O
：	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
地	O	O
震	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
单	O	O
晶	O	O
河	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
刘	O	O
彦	O	O
军	O	O
在	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
刘	O	O
忠	O	O
花	O	O
大	O	O
娘	O	O
贴	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
者	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
又	O	O
问	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
杨	O	O
占	O	O
芳	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
草	O	O
浆	O	O
书	O	O
写	O	O
纸	O	O
是	O	O
低	O	O
档	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
质	O	O
优	O	O
、	O	O
价	O	O
廉	O	O
、	O	O
批	O	O
量	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
成	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
试	O	O
探	O	O
着	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
杨	O	O
总	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
纸	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O
杨	O	O
占	O	O
芳	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
把	O	O
地	O	O
处	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
、	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
、	O	O
安	B	B
徽	M	M
省	E	E
的	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
说	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
都	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
着	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
家	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
本	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
容	O	O
量	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
白	O	O
银	O	O
整	O	O
肃	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
舒	O	O
心	O	O
１	O	O
、	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
唐	B	B
山	M	M
市	E	E
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
路	B	B
南	M	M
区	E	E
批	O	O
发	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
洋	O	O
溢	O	O
着	O	O
浓	O	O
浓	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
味	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
庄	O	O
园	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
兴	B	O
化	M	O
州	E	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
，	O	O
深	B	B
圳	E	E
的	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
梁	O	O
汝	O	O
堂	O	O
向	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
那	B	O
务	M	O
镇	E	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
大	O	O
片	O	O
山	O	O
岭	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
名	O	O
优	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
储	O	O
良	O	O
龙	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
庄	O	O
园	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
“	O	O
龙	B	B
汇	M	M
庄	M	M
园	E	E
”	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
安	B	B
阳	E	E
年	O	O
年	O	O
减	O	O
农	O	O
负	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
十	O	O
大	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
欺	O	O
诈	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
“	O	O
忍	O	O
了	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
欺	O	O
诈	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
为	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
福	B	B
州	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赵	O	O
鹏	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
每	O	O
到	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
便	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
进	O	O
村	O	O
访	O	O
贫	O	O
问	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
福	B	B
建	M	M
省	E	E
各	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
变	O	O
轻	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
办	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
得	O	O
分	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
福	B	O
建	M	O
省	E	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
日	O	O
可	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
山	O	O
西	O	O
西	O	O
山	O	O
矿	O	O
务	O	O
局	O	O
从	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
挖	O	O
潜	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
效	O	O
定	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
以	O	O
产	O	O
定	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
按	O	O
效	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
从	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
洗	O	O
精	O	O
煤	O	O
６	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
原	O	O
煤	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
９	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
０	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
山	O	O
矿	O	O
务	O	O
局	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
局	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
煤	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
位	O	O
居	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
。	O	O
武	B	O
汉	E	O
团	O	O
圆	O	O
年	O	O
饭	O	O
上	O	O
酒	O	O
楼	O	O
浙	O	O
江	O	O
农	O	O
行	O	O
砍	O	O
掉	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
网	O	O
点	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
许	O	O
群	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
灵	O	O
芝	O	O
）	O	O
杭	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
颇	O	O
具	O	O
名	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
皮	O	O
塑	O	O
老	O	O
店	O	O
“	O	O
广	O	O
合	O	O
顺	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
被	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
出	O	O
资	O	O
买	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
杭	B	B
州	M	M
市	E	E
属	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
首	O	O
家	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
由	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
资	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
梁	O	O
小	O	O
琴	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
长	O	O
４	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
吨	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
直	O	O
径	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
６	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
波	O	O
音	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
―	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
机	O	O
头	O	O
在	O	O
成	O	O
都	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
成	O	O
飞	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
转	O	O
包	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
个	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
机	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
交	O	O
付	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
成	O	O
飞	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
民	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
部	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
上	O	O
跃	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
丛	O	O
亚	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
部	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
房	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
：	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
房	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
（	O	O
预	O	O
售	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
书	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
式	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
乱	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
切	O	O
一	O	O
刀	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
在	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
令	O	O
行	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
切	O	O
一	O	O
刀	O	O
”	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
向	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
号	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
不	O	O
折	O	O
不	O	O
扣	O	O
地	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
帮	O	O
帮	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
启	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
会	O	O
徽	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
会	O	O
徽	O	O
由	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
形	O	O
、	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
样	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
为	O	O
金	O	O
黄	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
；	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
底	O	O
色	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
与	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
钟	O	O
霄	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
继	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
将	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
诺	O	O
的	O	O
斯	O	O
卡	O	O
牌	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
选	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
考	O	O
级	O	O
专	O	O
用	O	O
琴	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
沈	O	O
阳	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
四	O	O
川	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
汉	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
也	O	O
选	O	O
定	O	O
该	O	O
琴	O	O
为	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
考	O	O
级	O	O
专	O	O
用	O	O
琴	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
铁	O	O
铮	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
普	O	O
乐	O	O
普	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
策	O	O
划	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
正	O	O
式	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
：	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
晓	O	O
朱	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
湖	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
各	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
给	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
岳	B	B
阳	E	E
、	O	O
株	B	B
洲	E	E
、	O	O
邵	B	B
阳	E	E
、	O	O
娄	B	B
底	E	E
、	O	O
衡	B	B
阳	E	E
、	O	O
益	B	B
阳	E	E
、	O	O
郴	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
湘	B	B
潭	E	E
、	O	O
长	B	B
沙	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
筹	O	O
措	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
市	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
带	O	O
队	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
局	O	O
和	O	O
厂	O	O
矿	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
金	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
户	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
户	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
武	B	B
汉	M	M
市	E	E
便	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
为	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
『	O	O
一	O	O
帮	O	O
一	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
六	O	O
千	O	O
多	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
户	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
户	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
户	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
均	O	O
属	O	O
鳏	O	O
寡	O	O
孤	O	O
独	O	O
、	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
病	O	O
、	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
等	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
解	O	O
除	O	O
燃	O	O
眉	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
捐	O	O
献	O	O
钱	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
石	B	O
景	M	O
山	M	O
区	E	O
的	O	O
京	O	O
源	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
食	O	O
堂	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
装	O	O
饰	O	O
得	O	O
喜	O	O
气	O	O
洋	O	O
洋	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
味	O	O
十	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
石	B	O
景	M	O
山	M	O
区	E	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
与	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
一	O	O
同	O	O
看	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
游	O	O
戏	O	O
、	O	O
吃	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
领	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
“	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
保	O	O
护	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
绢	O	O
子	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
季	O	O
音	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
和	O	O
荧	O	O
屏	O	O
上	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
颇	O	O
有	O	O
微	O	O
词	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
概	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
也	O	O
偏	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
县	O	O
办	O	O
小	O	O
报	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
竞	O	O
相	O	O
仿	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
与	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
篇	O	O
幅	O	O
和	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
就	O	O
把	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
挤	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
角	O	O
落	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
赵	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
署	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
奖	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
赵	O	O
新	O	O
忠	O	O
赶	O	O
去	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
接	O	O
受	O	O
江	O	O
苏	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
，	O	O
赵	O	O
忠	O	O
惠	O	O
则	O	O
赶	O	O
回	O	O
吕	B	B
梁	E	E
，	O	O
接	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
山	O	O
里	O	O
妹	O	O
去	O	O
江	B	B
阴	E	E
过	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
重	B	B
庆	E	E
深	O	O
化	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
（	O	O
梁	O	O
国	O	O
彪	O	O
杨	O	O
国	O	O
林	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
）	O	O
石	O	O
家	O	O
庄	O	O
市	O	O
交	O	O
管	O	O
局	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
『	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
来	O	O
抓	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
向	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
；	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
各	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
、	O	O
检	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
司	O	O
等	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
及	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
车	O	O
管	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
做	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
特	O	O
权	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
查	O	O
自	O	O
纠	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
整	O	O
改	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
不	O	O
按	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
警	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
警	O	O
灯	O	O
、	O	O
警	O	O
报	O	O
器	O	O
及	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
查	O	O
扣	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
拆	O	O
除	O	O
警	O	O
灯	O	O
、	O	O
警	O	O
报	O	O
器	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
收	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
牌	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
济	O	O
南	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
某	O	O
炮	O	O
兵	O	O
师	O	O
送	O	O
法	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
师	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
分	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
；	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
解	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
常	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
历	O	O
年	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
案	O	O
例	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
涉	O	O
法	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
隐	O	O
患	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
挽	O	O
回	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
全	O	O
应	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	O	O
亚	O	O
明	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
台	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
侨	O	O
联	O	O
络	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
会	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
京	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
《	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
而	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
》	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
３	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
钱	O	O
伟	O	O
长	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
审	O	O
时	O	O
度	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
大	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
可	O	O
先	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
敌	O	O
对	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
土	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
新	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
高	O	O
等	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
奠	O	O
基	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
钟	O	O
敬	O	O
之	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
筹	O	O
建	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
钟	O	O
敬	O	O
之	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
筹	O	O
建	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
召	O	O
集	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
院	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
等	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
高	O	O
等	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
核	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
原	O	O
二	O	O
机	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
牟	O	O
爱	O	O
牧	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
逝	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
年	O	O
８	O	O
４	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
裕	O	O
国	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
铲	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
身	O	O
着	O	O
毛	O	O
衣	O	O
、	O	O
满	O	O
头	O	O
大	O	O
汗	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
宋	O	O
宝	O	O
瑞	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
治	O	O
水	O	O
兴	O	O
蜀	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	M
省	O	E
情	O	O
和	O	O
祖	O	O
先	O	O
治	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
纵	O	O
观	O	O
四	B	B
川	E	E
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
治	O	O
水	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
诚	O	O
意	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
台	O	O
联	O	O
副	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
石	O	O
四	O	O
皓	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
陆	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
和	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
千	O	O
秋	O	O
功	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
当	O	O
家	O	O
作	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
和	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
同	O	O
胞	O	O
携	O	O
手	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
开	O	O
启	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
对	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
诚	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
因	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
非	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
较	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
应	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
、	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
、	O	O
洽	O	O
谈	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
非	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
４	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
合	B	O
肥	E	O
『	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
年	O	O
货	O	O
』	O	O
好	O	O
丰	O	O
盛	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
津	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
唐	O	O
山	O	O
站	O	O
站	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
卫	O	O
天	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
王	O	O
宝	O	O
林	O	O
把	O	O
用	O	O
全	O	O
站	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
票	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
唐	O	O
山	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
春	O	O
运	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
唐	B	B
山	M	E
站	E	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
因	O	O
家	O	O
境	O	O
贫	O	O
寒	O	O
买	O	O
车	O	O
票	O	O
返	O	O
乡	O	O
与	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
团	O	O
聚	O	O
有	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
站	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
踊	O	O
跃	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
生	O	O
献	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
就	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
站	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
笔	O	O
钱	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
生	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
返	O	O
乡	O	O
车	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
预	O	O
付	O	O
了	O	O
返	O	O
校	O	O
路	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
洪	O	O
普	O	O
王	O	O
洪	O	O
友	O	O
信	O	O
宝	O	O
忠	O	O
）	O	O
外	O	O
籍	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
张	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
客	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
吴	O	O
铨	O	O
叙	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
科	O	O
工	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
曹	O	O
刚	O	O
川	O	O
中	O	O
将	O	O
、	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
驻	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
罗	O	O
高	O	O
寿	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
广	B	O
东	M	O
省	E	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
州	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
团	O	O
等	O	O
广	B	O
州	E	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
、	O	O
杂	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
粤	O	O
曲	O	O
等	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
娱	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
中	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
疆	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
邀	O	O
集	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
业	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
来	O	O
宾	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	B
疆	O	M
人	O	M
民	O	M
会	O	M
堂	O	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
团	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
庆	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
、	O	O
肉	O	O
孜	O	O
节	O	O
双	O	O
双	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
。	O	O
宋	O	O
健	O	O
向	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
很	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
很	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
地	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
献	O	O
血	O	O
法	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
献	O	O
血	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
予	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
条	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
会	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
役	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
条	O	O
血	O	O
站	O	O
对	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
者	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
；	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
血	O	O
站	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
采	O	O
集	O	O
血	O	O
液	O	O
。	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
血	O	O
站	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
血	O	O
液	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
者	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
用	O	O
血	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
免	O	O
交	O	O
前	O	O
款	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
；	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
配	O	O
偶	O	O
和	O	O
直	O	O
系	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
用	O	O
血	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
免	O	O
交	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
减	O	O
交	O	O
前	O	O
款	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
按	O	O
血	O	O
液	O	O
成	O	O
份	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
采	O	O
集	O	O
血	O	O
液	O	O
的	O	O
；	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
用	O	O
血	O	O
的	O	O
包	O	O
装	O	O
、	O	O
储	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
和	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
责	O	O
令	O	O
改	O	O
正	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
并	O	O
处	O	O
一	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
条	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
成	O	O
志	O	O
伟	O	O
这	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
鞋	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
浸	O	O
透	O	O
了	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
彝	O	O
族	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
袒	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
天	B	O
津	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
彝	O	O
族	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
肖	O	O
像	O	O
怪	O	O
杰	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
肖	O	O
像	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
家	O	O
魏	O	O
德	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
陕	O	O
西	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
咔	O	O
嚓	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
陕	O	O
西	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
魏	O	O
德	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
饥	O	O
似	O	O
渴	O	O
地	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
涉	O	O
猎	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	O	O
国	O	O
琦	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
辞	O	O
旧	O	O
岁	O	O
、	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
河	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
馆	B	B
陶	M	M
县	E	E
农	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
扑	O	O
面	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
户	O	O
户	O	O
贴	O	O
上	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
楹	O	O
联	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
年	O	O
画	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
张	O	O
贴	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
像	O	O
神	O	O
画	O	O
悄	O	O
然	O	O
退	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
盘	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
连	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
雪	O	O
已	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
湖	B	B
北	M	M
省	E	E
卫	O	O
生	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
百	O	O
支	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
神	B	B
农	M	M
架	E	E
、	O	O
大	B	B
别	M	M
山	E	E
等	O	O
边	O	O
远	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
送	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
云	O	O
飞	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	B
塔	O	M
尼	O	M
亚	O	M
胡	O	E
都	O	O
已	O	O
离	O	O
美	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
趁	O	O
热	O	O
打	O	O
铁	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
主	O	O
张	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
后	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
奥	O	O
尔	O	O
布	O	O
赖	O	O
特	O	O
出	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
再	O	O
召	O	O
集	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	B
塔	O	M
尼	O	M
亚	O	M
胡	O	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
内	O	O
阁	O	O
自	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
利	O	O
维	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
更	O	O
趋	O	O
强	O	O
硬	O	O
。	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
已	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
也	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
强	O	O
硬	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
方	O	O
面	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
向	O	O
以	B	B
色	M	M
列	E	E
施	O	O
压	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
牵	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
也	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
犹	O	O
太	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
右	O	O
翼	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
犹	O	O
太	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
是	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
正	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
绯	O	O
闻	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
查	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
捅	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
、	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
巴	B	B
勒	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
因	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
视	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
而	O	O
颇	O	O
感	O	O
恼	O	O
火	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
果	O	O
永	O	O
毅	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
《	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
而	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
》	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
３	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
时	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
旅	O	O
居	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
等	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
集	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
话	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
蔡	O	O
方	O	O
柏	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
腾	O	O
飞	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
殷	O	O
殷	O	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
旅	O	O
法	O	O
侨	O	O
界	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
拉	B	B
巴	M	M
特	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
莹	O	O
）	O	O
巴	O	O
勒	O	O
斯	O	O
坦	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
摩	B	B
洛	M	M
哥	E	E
的	O	O
短	O	O
暂	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
。	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
对	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
短	O	O
暂	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
同	O	O
阿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
泽	O	O
鲁	O	O
阿	O	O
勒	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
埃	O	O
里	O	O
卡	O	O
特	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
会	O	O
谈	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
失	O	O
望	O	O
埃	O	O
里	O	O
卡	O	O
特	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
指	O	O
控	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
未	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
只	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
也	O	O
未	O	O
就	O	O
此	O	O
向	O	O
内	O	O
塔	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
胡	O	O
施	O	O
加	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
使	O	O
巴	O	O
方	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
失	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O
尼	O	O
共	O	O
六	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
联	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
马	O	O
文	O	O
普	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
宣	O	O
读	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
贺	O	O
词	O	O
。	O	O
贺	O	O
词	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
祝	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
多	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
政	O	O
局	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
尼	B	B
泊	M	M
尔	E	E
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
文	O	O
普	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
尼	O	O
泊	O	O
尔	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
党	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
吉	O	O
里	O	O
贾	O	O
・	O	O
普	O	O
拉	O	O
萨	O	O
德	O	O
・	O	O
柯	O	O
伊	O	B
拉	O	M
腊	O	E
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
两	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
尼	O	O
泊	O	O
尔	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
（	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
马	O	O
列	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
文	O	O
普	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
尼	O	O
共	O	O
（	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
马	O	O
列	O	O
）	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
蒂	O	O
安	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
阵	O	O
容	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
之	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
魁	B	B
北	M	M
克	M	M
省	E	E
省	O	O
长	O	O
也	O	O
随	O	O
团	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
被	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
形	O	O
容	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
份	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
约	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
同	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
蒂	O	O
安	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
极	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
巴	B	B
格	M	M
达	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
顾	O	O
正	O	O
龙	O	O
）	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
生	O	O
物	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
生	O	O
物	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
里	O	O
查	O	O
德	O	O
・	O	O
斯	O	O
博	O	O
特	O	O
舍	O	O
捏	O	O
造	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
散	O	O
布	O	O
谎	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
拖	O	O
延	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
介	O	O
入	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
波	O	O
海	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
日	O	O
趋	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
―	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	E	E
宪	O	O
章	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
反	O	O
应	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
普	O	O
里	O	O
马	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
当	O	O
即	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	E	E
３	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
３	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
到	O	O
北	O	O
约	O	O
与	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
俄	O	O
对	O	O
波	O	O
海	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
已	O	O
较	O	O
前	O	O
缓	O	O
和	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
与	O	O
立	B	B
陶	M	M
宛	E	E
签	O	O
订	O	O
边	O	O
界	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
；	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
时	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
俄	O	O
不	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
俄	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
裁	O	O
军	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
俄	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
切	O	O
尔	O	O
诺	O	O
梅	O	O
尔	O	O
金	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
里	B	O
加	E	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
波	O	O
海	O	O
３	O	O
国	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
俄	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
俄	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
俄	O	O
愿	O	O
与	O	O
波	O	O
海	O	O
３	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
波	O	O
海	O	O
３	O	O
国	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
曾	O	O
预	O	O
期	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
俄	O	O
会	O	O
与	O	O
拉	B	O
脱	M	O
维	M	O
亚	E	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
边	O	O
界	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
并	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
波	O	O
海	O	O
３	O	O
国	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
融	O	O
入	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
才	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
北	B	B
欧	E	E
和	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
安	O	O
全	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
美	O	O
俄	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
会	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
波	B	B
罗	M	M
的	M	M
海	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
。	O	O
瑞	B	B
典	E	E
《	O	O
每	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
》	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
取	O	O
决	O	O
于	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
格	B	B
鲁	M	M
吉	M	M
亚	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
谢	O	O
瓦	O	O
尔	O	O
德	O	O
纳	O	O
泽	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
第	B	B
比	M	M
利	M	M
斯	E	E
会	O	O
见	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
科	O	O
罗	O	O
切	O	O
尼	O	O
亚	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
应	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
应	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
独	O	O
联	O	O
体	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
最	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
能	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
涉	O	O
嫌	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
贿	O	O
赂	O	O
日	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
两	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
被	O	O
捕	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
访	O	O
印	O	O
的	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
希	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
新	B	B
德	M	M
里	E	E
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
和	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
应	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
希	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
是	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
印	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
希	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
与	O	O
印	B	B
度	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
古	O	O
杰	O	O
拉	O	O
尔	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
就	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
哥	O	B
伦	O	M
比	O	M
亚	O	E
执	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
党	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
推	O	O
选	O	O
奥	O	O
拉	O	O
西	O	O
奥	O	O
・	O	O
塞	O	O
尔	O	O
帕	O	O
・	O	O
乌	O	O
里	O	O
韦	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
党	O	O
下	O	O
届	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
塞	O	O
尔	O	O
帕	O	O
现	O	O
年	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
律	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
哥	B	B
伦	M	M
比	M	M
亚	E	E
现	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
桑	O	O
佩	O	O
尔	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
阁	O	O
中	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
意	O	O
测	O	O
验	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
塞	O	O
尔	O	O
帕	O	O
被	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
五	O	O
月	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
届	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
人	O	O
选	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
航	O	O
天	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
俄	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
拨	O	O
款	O	O
应	O	O
为	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
亿	O	O
改	O	O
值	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
新	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
；	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
拨	O	O
款	O	O
拟	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
到	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
因	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
仅	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
；	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
拨	O	O
款	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
能	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
？	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
能	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
？	O	O
这	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
未	O	O
知	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
俄	O	B
罗	O	M
斯	O	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
杜	O	O
马	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
萨	O	O
维	O	O
茨	O	O
卡	O	O
亚	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
航	O	O
天	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
吃	O	O
前	O	O
苏	B	B
联	E	E
留	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
本	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
不	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
靠	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
本	O	O
”	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
还	O	O
能	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
半	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
侦	O	O
察	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
、	O	O
预	O	O
警	O	O
、	O	O
导	O	O
航	O	O
等	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
六	O	O
、	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
同	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
航	O	O
天	O	O
局	O	O
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
、	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
等	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
航	O	O
天	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谷	O	O
利	O	O
源	O	O
）	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
合	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
服	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
安	O	O
德	O	O
鲁	O	O
・	O	O
托	O	O
马	O	O
斯	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
“	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
号	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
站	O	O
。	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
强	O	O
调	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
还	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
渐	O	O
进	O	O
式	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
量	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
质	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
早	O	O
在	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
放	O	O
宽	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
（	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
搞	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
）	O	O
等	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
渐	O	O
进	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
搞	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
总	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
冲	O	O
刺	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
既	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
冲	O	O
刺	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
总	O	O
局	O	O
继	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
的	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
后	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
泰	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
能	O	O
回	O	O
收	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
厚	O	O
生	O	O
省	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
对	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
同	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
建	O	O
设	O	O
省	O	O
一	O	O
同	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
伦	B	B
敦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毛	O	O
磊	O	O
）	O	O
布	O	O
鲁	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	O
国	E	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
鱼	O	O
类	O	O
变	O	O
性	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
比	O	O
原	O	O
先	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
向	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
食	O	O
品	O	O
与	O	O
药	O	O
物	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
局	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
许	O	O
可	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
药	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
栏	O	O
均	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
癌	O	O
症	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
癌	O	O
症	O	O
的	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
《	O	O
每	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
讯	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
切	B	O
尔	M	O
西	E	O
和	O	O
威	O	O
斯	O	O
敏	O	O
斯	O	O
特	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
癌	O	O
症	O	O
低	O	O
温	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
比	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
低	O	O
温	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
滥	O	O
用	O	O
胡	O	O
萝	O	O
卜	O	O
素	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
药	O	O
片	O	O
防	O	O
癌	O	O
。	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
７	O	O
国	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
、	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
、	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
和	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
就	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
和	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
晨	O	O
练	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
晚	O	O
练	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
小	O	O
巷	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
园	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
晨	O	O
练	O	O
和	O	O
晚	O	O
练	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
跑	O	O
步	O	O
、	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
网	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
等	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
跳	O	O
舞	O	O
、	O	O
扭	O	O
大	O	O
秧	O	O
歌	O	O
、	O	O
拔	O	O
河	O	O
、	O	O
打	O	O
太	O	O
极	O	O
拳	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
棋	O	O
类	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
乌	B	B
鲁	M	M
木	M	M
齐	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
晓	O	O
玲	O	O
）	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
福	O	O
才	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
轻	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
滑	O	O
雪	O	O
板	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
脚	O	O
下	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
分	O	O
外	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
他	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
已	O	O
摔	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
跤	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
越	O	O
滑	O	O
越	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
乌	B	B
鲁	M	M
木	M	M
齐	M	M
县	E	E
板	B	O
房	M	O
沟	M	O
乡	E	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
滑	O	O
雪	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
桥	O	O
牌	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
月	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
桥	O	O
牌	O	O
赛	O	O
和	O	O
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
擂	O	O
台	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
六	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
体	O	O
委	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
围	O	O
棋	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
悠	O	O
棠	O	O
八	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
队	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
已	O	O
从	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
溜	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
飘	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
也	O	O
如	O	O
吴	O	O
彬	O	O
总	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
补	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
老	O	O
队	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
林	O	O
峰	O	O
）	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	M
利	B	M
纳	M	M
雷	M	M
斯	E	E
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
至	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
赛	O	O
完	O	O
６	O	O
轮	O	O
。	O	O
曾	O	O
获	O	O
两	O	O
届	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
诸	O	O
宸	O	O
以	O	O
５	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
与	O	O
另	O	O
５	O	O
位	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
特	O	O
级	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
并	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
特	O	O
级	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
于	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
首	O	O
轮	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
气	O	O
馁	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
至	O	O
六	O	O
轮	O	O
五	O	O
战	O	O
连	O	O
胜	O	O
。	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
提	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
轮	O	O
她	O	O
执	O	O
白	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
英	O	B
国	O	E
式	O	O
开	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
了	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
分	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
高	O	O
手	O	O
蒂	O	O
维	O	O
亚	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
岁	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
春	O	O
潮	O	O
涌	O	O
神	O	O
州	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
２	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
霞	O	O
光	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
源	O	O
自	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
呈	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
类	O	O
归	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
深	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
沙	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
马	O	O
云	O	O
亮	O	O
）	O	O
波	B	B
兰	E	E
“	O	O
精	O	O
武	O	O
”	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
华	B	B
沙	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
华	B	B
沙	E	E
、	O	O
克	B	O
拉	M	O
科	M	O
夫	E	O
和	O	O
格	B	O
但	M	O
斯	M	O
克	E	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
（	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
）	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
刚	O	O
９	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
各	O	O
样	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
高	O	O
涨	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
在	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
各	O	O
地	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
府	O	O
银	B	B
川	M	M
市	E	E
每	O	O
天	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
晨	O	O
练	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
跑	O	O
、	O	O
慢	O	O
走	O	O
、	O	O
球	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
气	O	O
功	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
操	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
至	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
须	O	O
发	O	O
斑	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
至	O	O
７	O	O
岁	O	O
幼	O	O
童	O	O
。	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
各	O	O
地	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
和	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
算	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
家	O	O
境	O	O
贫	O	O
寒	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
辛	O	O
劳	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
；	O	O
１	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
使	O	O
张	O	O
祖	O	O
德	O	O
安	O	O
心	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
从	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
微	O	O
薄	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
中	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
张	O	O
祖	O	O
德	O	O
考	O	O
上	O	O
湖	O	B
北	O	E
荆	O	B
州	O	E
财	O	O
税	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
又	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
在	O	O
轰	O	O
鸣	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
劳	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
钱	O	O
帮	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
龄	O	O
人	O	O
圆	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
梦	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
被	O	O
录	O	O
取	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
从	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
宜	O	O
昌	O	O
市	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
院	O	O
认	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
叫	O	O
江	O	O
红	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
岁	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
次	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
小	O	O
江	O	O
红	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
小	O	O
江	O	O
红	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
套	O	O
衣	O	O
服	O	O
和	O	O
两	O	O
双	O	O
鞋	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
小	O	O
江	O	O
红	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
忍	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
泪	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
同	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
抗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
宜	O	O
昌	O	O
县	O	O
华	O	O
龙	O	O
石	O	O
材	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
武	B	B
汉	E	E
求	O	O
学	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
学	O	O
费	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
美	O	O
籍	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
倾	O	O
囊	O	O
助	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
美	O	O
金	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
论	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
爱	O	O
说	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
能	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
木	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
涵	O	O
养	O	O
水	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
止	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
中	O	O
去	O	O
走	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
头	O	O
脑	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
拔	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
被	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
侯	O	O
学	O	O
煜	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
桂	B	B
林	E	E
风	O	O
景	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
根	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
猫	B	B
儿	M	M
山	E	E
。	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
林	O	O
海	O	O
茫	O	O
茫	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
片	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
完	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
山	O	O
腰	O	O
、	O	O
山	O	O
麓	O	O
多	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
望	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
毛	O	O
竹	O	O
、	O	O
杉	O	O
木	O	O
林	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
拔	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
米	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
片	O	O
铁	O	O
杉	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
珍	O	O
稀	O	O
孑	O	O
遗	O	O
树	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
短	O	O
尾	O	O
猴	O	O
、	O	O
熊	O	O
等	O	O
珍	O	O
稀	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
片	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
中	B	B
亚	E	E
热	O	O
带	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
较	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
林	O	O
区	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
安	O	O
徽	O	O
宿	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
赵	O	O
永	O	O
生	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
和	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
要	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
创	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
和	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
哪	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
搞	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
租	O	O
赁	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
、	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
经	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
或	O	O
职	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
凡	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
职	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
不	O	O
予	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
强	O	O
迫	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
最	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
除	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
提	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
由	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
来	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
有	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
创	O	O
立	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
到	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
、	O	O
鼓	O	O
劲	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
采	O	O
纳	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
举	O	O
一	O	O
反	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
冯	O	O
奎	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
赶	O	O
趟	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
貌	O	O
似	O	O
赶	O	O
趟	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
有	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
抓	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
。	O	O
某	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
上	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
出	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
延	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
再	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
埋	O	O
下	O	O
苦	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
袁	O	O
亚	O	O
平	O	O
秀	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
架	O	O
山	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
１	O	O
亩	O	O
的	O	O
台	O	B
州	O	M
市	O	E
鸿	O	O
宇	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
集	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
教	O	O
书	O	O
育	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
”	O	O
所	O	O
应	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
季	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
招	O	O
生	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
报	O	O
考	O	O
者	O	O
竟	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
！	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
参	O	O
股	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
达	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
近	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
师	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
院	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
门	O	O
诊	O	O
６	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
１	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
治	O	O
愈	O	O
率	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
普	O	O
照	O	O
之	O	O
光	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
的	O	O
路	B	B
桥	E	E
城	O	O
区	O	O
像	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
：	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
园	O	O
林	O	O
绿	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
雅	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
和	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O
路	O	O
桥	O	O
区	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
王	O	O
挺	O	O
革	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
按	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
从	O	O
筹	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
还	O	O
贷	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
由	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
自	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
鸿	O	O
宇	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
筹	O	O
资	O	O
在	O	O
贵	B	B
州	M	M
省	E	E
２	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
寨	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
试	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O
安	B	B
徽	E	E
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
如	O	O
火	O	O
如	O	O
荼	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
事	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
福	B	B
建	E	E
招	O	O
收	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
女	O	O
工	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
栋	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
朴	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
至	O	O
深	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
吝	O	O
啬	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
慷	O	O
慨	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
团	O	O
燃	O	O
烧	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
默	O	O
默	O	O
地	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
着	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
义	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
要	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
”	O	O
二	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
、	O	O
摸	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
它	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
空	O	O
对	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
实	O	O
打	O	O
实	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
口	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
此	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
贵	O	O
在	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
务	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
的	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
浪	O	O
潮	O	O
中	O	O
使	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
军	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
自	O	O
尊	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
于	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
于	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
等	O	O
因	O	O
奉	O	O
此	O	O
、	O	O
墨	O	O
守	O	O
成	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
脉	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
最	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
精	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
食	O	O
粮	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
应	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
了	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
书	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
控	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
不	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
较	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
、	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
、	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
和	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
向	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
较	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
突	O	O
飞	O	O
猛	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
所	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
的	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
性	O	O
“	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
至	O	O
关	O	O
紧	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
及	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
摇	O	O
的	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
归	O	O
根	O	O
结	O	O
底	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
于	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
地	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
它	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
对	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
照	O	O
搬	O	O
别	O	O
国	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
条	O	O
式	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
论	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
；	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
片	O	O
面	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
二	O	O
公	O	O
三	O	O
纯	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
“	O	O
穷	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
；	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
为	O	O
纲	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
“	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
所	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
四	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
所	O	O
概	O	O
括	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
破	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
抽	O	O
象	O	O
地	O	O
谈	O	O
论	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
唯	O	O
心	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
地	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
“	O	O
把	O	O
对	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
它	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
贯	O	O
串	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
观	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
思	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
之	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
从	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
、	O	O
到	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
植	O	O
根	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
落	O	O
脚	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
谋	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
说	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
谋	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
河	O	O
南	O	O
平	O	O
顶	O	O
山	O	O
煤	O	O
业	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
工	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
全	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
有	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
给	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
与	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
额	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
与	O	O
互	O	O
助	O	O
互	O	O
济	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
为	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
近	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
共	O	O
送	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
款	O	O
和	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
品	O	O
计	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
６	O	O
户	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
或	O	O
工	O	O
亡	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
突	O	O
遭	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
大	O	O
额	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
；	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
互	O	O
助	O	O
互	O	O
救	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
顶	O	O
山	O	O
煤	O	O
业	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
两	O	O
级	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
３	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
筹	O	O
措	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
户	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
靠	O	O
“	O	O
造	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
甩	O	O
掉	O	O
了	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
帽	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
９	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
逢	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
、	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
等	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
便	O	O
多	O	O
有	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
送	O	O
钱	O	O
、	O	O
送	O	O
粮	O	O
、	O	O
送	O	O
衣	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
既	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
造	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
送	O	O
钱	O	O
送	O	O
物	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
解	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
之	O	O
困	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
替	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
排	O	O
后	O	O
顾	O	O
之	O	O
忧	O	O
。	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
户	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
千	O	O
差	O	O
万	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
应	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
钱	O	O
款	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
其	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
想	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
造	O	O
血	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
乃	O	O
治	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
造	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
治	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
兼	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
５	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
３	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
内	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
总	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
金	O	O
华	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
私	O	O
房	O	O
钱	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
机	O	O
车	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
值	O	O
乘	O	O
途	O	O
中	O	O
病	O	O
倒	O	O
，	O	O
急	O	O
需	O	O
钱	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
。	O	O
郭	O	O
铁	O	O
锋	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
急	O	O
忙	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
私	O	O
房	O	O
钱	O	O
”	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
将	O	O
他	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
转	O	O
危	O	O
为	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
段	O	O
锅	O	O
炉	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
泵	O	O
电	O	O
机	O	O
损	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
急	O	O
需	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
更	O	O
换	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
段	O	O
内	O	O
值	O	O
夜	O	O
班	O	O
的	O	O
郭	O	O
铁	O	O
锋	O	O
又	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
“	O	O
私	O	O
房	O	O
钱	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
了	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
供	O	O
暖	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
刘	O	O
习	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
罗	O	O
成	O	O
群	O	O
、	O	O
周	O	O
继	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
王	O	O
明	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
崔	O	O
占	O	O
福	O	O
等	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
之	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
送	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
机	O	O
务	O	O
段	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
该	O	O
段	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
也	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
。	O	O
问	O	O
他	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
图	O	O
个	O	O
啥	O	O
？	O	O
他	O	O
质	O	O
朴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
俗	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
难	O	O
倒	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
汉	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
党	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
及	O	O
地	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
渡	O	O
过	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
应	O	O
尽	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
罗	O	O
和	O	O
岗	O	O
张	O	O
宇	O	O
生	O	O
沈	O	O
志	O	O
雄	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
赖	O	O
明	O	O
辉	O	O
幼	O	O
年	O	O
丧	O	O
父	O	O
，	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
瘦	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
又	O	O
改	O	O
嫁	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
弟	O	O
妹	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
相	O	O
依	O	O
为	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
困	O	O
苦	O	O
。	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
任	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
赖	O	O
丽	O	O
水	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
分	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
亩	O	O
肥	O	O
沃	O	O
山	O	O
地	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
让	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
蜜	O	O
柚	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
从	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
赖	O	O
明	O	O
辉	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
户	O	O
户	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
小	O	O
康	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
魏	O	O
秀	O	O
萍	O	O
陈	O	O
长	O	O
禄	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
被	O	O
刺	O	O
痛	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
再	O	O
受	O	O
穷	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
村	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
促	O	O
膝	O	O
谈	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
穷	O	O
根	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
求	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
长	O	O
禄	O	O
包	O	O
西	B	B
村	E	E
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
容	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
新	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
窑	B	O
儿	M	O
洼	E	O
、	O	O
圪	B	O
塔	E	O
、	O	O
南	B	B
岭	E	E
３	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
户	O	O
户	O	O
吃	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
来	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
都	O	O
引	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
村	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
大	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
路	O	B
和	O	M
乡	O	E
、	O	O
村	O	O
路	O	O
已	O	O
破	O	O
土	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
村	E	E
人	O	O
乐	O	O
在	O	O
眉	O	O
梢	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
嘴	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
陈	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
是	O	O
帮	O	O
咱	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
贴	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
从	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
天	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
身	O	O
心	O	O
与	O	O
钟	B	O
祥	E	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
捆	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
白	O	O
天	O	O
黑	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
节	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
了	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
８	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
日	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
休	O	O
息	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
天	O	O
半	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
病	O	O
休	O	O
２	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
勤	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
班	O	O
；	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
六	O	O
、	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
日	O	O
加	O	O
班	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
从	O	O
早	O	O
上	O	O
８	O	O
时	O	O
至	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
日	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
；	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
下	O	O
厂	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
凌	O	O
远	O	O
科	O	O
孔	O	O
庆	O	O
锋	O	O
陈	O	O
自	O	O
昌	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
月	O	O
调	O	O
到	O	O
信	B	B
宜	M	M
县	E	E
任	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
信	B	O
宜	E	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
省	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
县	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
穷	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
傻	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
投	O	O
来	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
来	O	O
“	O	O
镀	O	O
镀	O	O
金	O	O
”	O	O
便	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
自	O	O
昌	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
妻	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
家	O	O
从	O	O
繁	O	O
华	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
油	O	O
城	O	O
迁	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
信	B	B
宜	E	E
，	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
便	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
几	O	O
名	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
室	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
嘉	O	O
奖	O	O
陈	O	O
自	O	O
昌	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
信	B	O
宜	E	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
他	O	O
记	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
广	B	B
东	M	M
省	E	E
唯	O	O
一	O	O
获	O	O
此	O	O
殊	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
信	B	O
宜	E	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
奔	O	O
走	O	O
相	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
贴	O	O
心	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
而	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
和	O	O
骄	O	O
傲	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
河	O	B
北	O	M
省	O	E
永	O	B
清	O	M
县	O	E
财	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
狠	O	O
抓	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
催	O	O
人	O	O
奋	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
峰	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
盘	O	O
活	O	O
“	O	O
死	O	O
脑	O	O
筋	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
阅	O	O
历	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
对	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
细	O	O
到	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
必	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
是	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
多	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
外	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
超	O	O
脱	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
心	O	O
静	O	O
思	O	O
也	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O
恩	O	O
格	O	O
斯	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
立	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
躺	O	O
在	O	O
床	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
静	O	O
思	O	O
中	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
达	O	O
尔	O	O
文	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
名	O	O
著	O	O
《	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
起	O	O
源	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
根	O	O
源	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
状	O	O
有	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
马	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
赶	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
启	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
庆	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
稳	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
钻	O	O
研	O	O
了	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
昼	O	O
夜	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
共	O	O
勉	O	O
，	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
个	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
个	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
、	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
三	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
想	O	O
”	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
？	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
太	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
学	O	O
学	O	O
欧	O	O
阳	O	O
修	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
枕	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
厕	O	O
上	O	O
”	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
想	O	O
”	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
早	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
晚	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
坐	O	O
车	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
开	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
盘	O	O
活	O	O
了	O	O
脑	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
获	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
男	O	O
少	O	O
女	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
零	O	O
零	O	O
碎	O	O
碎	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
零	O	O
碎	O	O
中	O	O
导	O	O
入	O	O
深	O	O
沉	O	O
。	O	O
从	O	O
零	O	O
碎	O	O
走	O	O
入	O	O
零	O	O
碎	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
夸	O	O
赞	O	O
正	O	O
如	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
月	O	O
亮	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
论	O	O
者	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
须	O	O
向	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
些	O	O
冷	O	O
峻	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
冷	O	O
峻	O	O
多	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
在	O	O
温	O	O
室	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
小	O	O
矫	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
家	O	O
子	O	O
气	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
遇	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
便	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
措	O	O
手	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
找	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
北	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
分	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
赞	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
。	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
论	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
只	O	O
须	O	O
教	O	O
会	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
恨	O	O
、	O	O
冷	O	O
漠	O	O
、	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
、	O	O
残	O	O
酷	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
莫	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
原	O	O
本	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
爱	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
睁	O	O
大	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
”	O	O
免	O	O
得	O	O
受	O	O
欺	O	O
骗	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
害	O	O
怕	O	O
，	O	O
假	O	O
如	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
都	O	O
瞪	O	O
着	O	O
复	O	O
仇	O	O
者	O	O
冷	O	O
漠	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
冰	O	O
天	O	O
雪	O	O
地	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
边	O	O
饺	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
长	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
它	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
沉	O	O
睡	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
用	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
才	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
唤	O	O
醒	O	O
。	O	O
莫	O	O
要	O	O
说	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
长	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
懂	O	O
事	O	O
了	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
自	O	O
从	O	O
我	O	O
能	O	O
写	O	O
几	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
圣	O	O
餐	O	O
。	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
个	O	O
辛	O	O
酸	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
想	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
自	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
去	O	O
世	O	O
后	O	O
独	O	O
自	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
码	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
吃	O	O
的	O	O
再	O	O
受	O	O
委	O	O
屈	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
曾	O	O
拉	O	O
上	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
到	O	O
外	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
餐	O	O
馆	O	O
开	O	O
开	O	O
洋	O	O
荤	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
连	O	O
连	O	O
摇	O	O
头	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
妈	O	O
老	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
腿	O	O
脚	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
索	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
懒	O	O
得	O	O
下	O	O
楼	O	O
啦	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
我	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
菜	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
买	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
的	O	O
鱼	O	O
肉	O	O
或	O	O
时	O	O
令	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
做	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
爱	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
尝	O	O
几	O	O
口	O	O
便	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
筷	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
便	O	O
笑	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
您	O	O
呀	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
享	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
福	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
世	O	O
上	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
名	O	O
目	O	O
繁	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
胃	O	O
口	O	O
花	O	O
样	O	O
翻	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
雷	O	O
打	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
只	O	O
爱	O	O
吃	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
是	O	O
她	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
制	O	O
历	O	O
久	O	O
常	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
食	O	O
谱	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
常	O	O
包	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
每	O	O
逢	O	O
我	O	O
买	O	O
回	O	O
肉	O	O
馅	O	O
，	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
要	O	O
包	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
刻	O	O
麻	O	O
利	O	O
儿	O	O
地	O	O
系	O	O
上	O	O
围	O	O
裙	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
去	O	O
和	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
去	O	O
打	O	O
馅	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
沾	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
精	O	O
气	O	O
神	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
太	O	O
昏	O	O
花	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
我	O	O
耍	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
招	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
糖	O	O
馅	O	O
包	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
记	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
边	O	O
饺	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
曾	O	O
是	O	O
她	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
教	O	O
我	O	O
包	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
边	O	O
饺	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
呆	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
忙	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
然	O	O
没	O	O
吃	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
中	O	O
餐	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
别	O	O
说	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
西	B	B
班	M	M
牙	E	E
到	O	O
达	O	O
瑞	B	B
士	E	E
的	O	O
苏	B	O
黎	M	O
世	E	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
旅	O	O
店	O	O
里	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
行	O	O
李	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
跑	O	O
到	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
找	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
餐	O	O
馆	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
餐	O	O
馆	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
吃	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
端	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
然	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
瑞	B	B
士	E	E
法	O	O
郎	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
十	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
钱	O	O
够	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
又	O	O
吃	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
！	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
让	O	O
西	O	O
餐	O	O
弄	O	O
得	O	O
皱	O	O
巴	O	O
巴	O	O
的	O	O
胃	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
子	O	O
舒	O	O
服	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
隔	O	O
着	O	O
关	O	O
山	O	O
重	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
迢	O	O
迢	O	O
长	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
子	O	O
近	O	O
了	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
袖	O	O
珍	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
窗	O	O
外	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
苏	B	O
黎	M	O
世	E	O
的	O	O
夜	O	O
色	O	O
都	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
置	O	O
身	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
万	O	O
家	O	O
灯	O	O
火	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
郑	O	O
剑	O	O
“	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
灿	O	O
烂	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
正	B	B
阳	M	M
县	E	E
也	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
骄	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
油	O	O
料	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
西	O	O
瓜	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
县	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
粮	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
世	O	O
代	O	O
盼	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
淮	B	B
河	E	E
大	O	O
桥	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
乡	O	O
柏	O	O
油	O	O
路	O	O
面	O	O
整	O	O
修	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
村	O	O
村	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
庙	O	O
会	O	O
即	O	O
景	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
４	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
茶	O	O
汤	O	O
铺	O	O
天	O	O
盖	O	O
地	O	O
翻	O	O
卷	O	O
的	O	O
雪	O	O
花	O	O
她	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
执	O	O
著	O	O
、	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
把	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
尘	O	O
埃	O	O
扑	O	O
到	O	O
身	O	O
下	O	O
雨	O	O
滋	O	O
润	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
时	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
声	O	O
响	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
她	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
看	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
捕	O	O
捉	O	O
灵	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
抒	O	O
情	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
把	O	O
她	O	O
看	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
花	O	O
？	O	O
当	O	O
她	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
荒	O	O
原	O	O
无	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
奇	O	O
寒	O	O
，	O	O
悄	O	O
悄	O	O
地	O	O
飘	O	O
洒	O	O
雪	O	O
与	O	O
冰	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
亲	O	O
昵	O	O
的	O	O
姐	O	O
妹	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
部	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
节	O	O
北	B	B
京	M	M
市	E	E
举	O	O
办	O	O
『	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
送	O	O
年	O	O
画	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
李	O	O
标	O	O
晶	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
现	O	O
代	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
诗	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
甘	O	O
肃	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
林	O	O
杉	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
《	O	O
雨	O	O
中	O	O
风	O	O
铃	O	O
》	O	O
由	O	O
花	O	O
城	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
文	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
挂	O	O
红	O	O
灯	O	O
、	O	O
玩	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
、	O	O
送	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
习	O	O
俗	O	O
。	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
的	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
闪	O	O
烁	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
彩	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
飞	O	O
舞	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
龙	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
间	O	O
游	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
彩	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
神	O	O
州	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
宛	O	O
若	O	O
灯	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
灯	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
手	O	O
工	O	O
扎	O	O
糊	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
灯	O	O
节	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
性	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
五	O	O
一	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
边	O	O
扎	O	O
糊	O	O
边	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
舅	O	O
给	O	O
小	O	O
外	O	O
甥	O	O
送	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
朋	O	O
好	O	O
友	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
送	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
娃	O	O
儿	O	O
们	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
玩	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
从	O	O
初	O	O
六	O	O
便	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
城	O	O
卖	O	O
花	O	O
灯	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
包	O	O
装	O	O
上	O	O
颇	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
用	O	O
长	O	O
竹	O	O
竿	O	O
一	O	O
挑	O	O
，	O	O
活	O	O
像	O	O
斜	O	O
横	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
串	O	O
花	O	O
絮	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
往	O	O
长	O	O
绳	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
挂	O	O
，	O	O
宛	O	O
若	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
花	O	O
廊	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
则	O	O
干	O	O
脆	O	O
就	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
小	O	O
四	O	O
轮	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
卉	O	O
吐	O	O
艳	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
坛	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
是	O	O
醒	O	O
目	O	O
诱	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
别	O	O
说	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
竞	O	O
相	O	O
选	O	O
购	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
沿	O	O
国	O	O
道	O	O
来	O	O
去	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
客	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
眼	O	O
馋	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
给	O	O
娃	O	O
儿	O	O
们	O	O
捎	O	O
上	O	O
几	O	O
盏	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
团	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
对	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
行	O	O
使	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
张	O	O
灯	O	O
结	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
派	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
春	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
大	O	O
花	O	O
篮	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
恭	O	O
贺	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
大	O	O
字	O	O
分	O	O
外	O	O
醒	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
水	O	O
仙	O	O
吐	O	O
芳	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
桔	O	O
满	O	O
枝	O	O
，	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
锦	O	O
簇	O	O
，	O	O
人	B	B
民	M	M
大	M	M
会	M	M
堂	E	E
内	O	O
欢	O	O
声	O	O
笑	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
意	O	O
盎	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
气	O	O
洋	O	O
洋	O	O
。	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
军	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
联	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
和	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
品	O	O
茗	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
致	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
以	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
团	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
李	O	O
德	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
克	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
劲	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
段	O	O
君	O	O
毅	O	O
、	O	O
叶	O	O
飞	O	O
、	O	O
谷	O	O
牧	O	O
、	O	O
马	O	O
文	O	O
瑞	O	O
、	O	O
汪	O	O
锋	O	O
、	O	O
郑	O	O
天	O	O
翔	O	O
、	O	O
刘	O	O
复	O	O
之	O	O
、	O	O
邓	O	O
力	O	O
群	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
廷	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
兰	O	O
红	O	O
光	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
极	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
遗	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
顺	O	O
利	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
无	O	O
比	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	O	O
小	O	O
平	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
着	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
日	O	O
新	O	O
月	O	O
异	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
不	O	O
渝	O	O
地	O	O
奉	O	O
行	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
同	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
永	O	O
远	O	O
是	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
新	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
而	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
！	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
，	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
在	O	O
地	B	B
坛	E	E
庙	O	O
会	O	O
赏	O	O
灯	O	O
观	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
欢	O	O
度	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
徐	O	O
烨	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
藏	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
所	O	O
属	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
辆	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
破	O	O
冰	O	O
履	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
风	O	O
尘	O	O
向	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
进	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
增	O	O
援	O	O
那	B	B
曲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
救	O	O
灾	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O
声	O	O
声	O	O
关	O	O
切	O	O
情	O	O
意	O	O
深	O	O
慈	O	O
云	O	O
寺	O	O
支	O	O
局	O	O
投	O	O
递	O	O
员	O	O
王	O	O
飞	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
尚	B	B
义	M	M
县	E	E
大	B	B
营	M	M
盘	M	M
乡	E	E
，	O	O
支	O	O
局	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
催	O	O
他	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
王	O	O
飞	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
东	O	O
区	O	O
邮	O	O
局	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
车	O	O
衣	O	O
被	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
就	O	O
运	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
又	O	O
特	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
节	O	O
后	O	O
再	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
虎	O	O
园	O	O
听	O	O
虎	O	O
啸	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
虎	O	O
林	O	O
园	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
追	O	O
踪	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
３	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
组	O	O
及	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
家	O	O
外	O	O
埠	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
以	O	O
飨	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
东	B	O
北	M	O
虎	M	O
林	M	O
园	E	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
刘	O	O
昕	O	O
晨	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
虎	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
好	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
给	O	O
东	O	O
北	O	O
虎	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
好	O	O
运	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
翻	O	O
山	O	O
越	O	O
岭	O	O
在	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
广	B	B
西	M	M
壮	M	M
族	M	M
自	M	M
治	M	M
区	E	E
灵	B	B
川	M	M
县	E	E
九	B	B
屋	M	M
乡	E	E
瑶	O	O
山	O	O
老	O	O
寨	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
浓	O	O
浓	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
弥	O	O
漫	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
寨	O	O
：	O	O
鞭	O	O
炮	O	O
声	O	O
响	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
，	O	O
锣	O	O
鼓	O	O
声	O	O
悦	O	O
耳	O	O
动	O	O
听	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
评	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
―	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
何	O	O
鲁	O	O
丽	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
就	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
八	O	O
项	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
情	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
胸	O	O
襟	O	O
和	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
至	O	O
诚	O	O
。	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
、	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
和	O	O
拥	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
性	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
建	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
成	O	O
思	O	O
危	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
诚	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
顾	O	O
全	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
与	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
为	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
诚	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
僵	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
『	O	O
三	O	O
通	O	O
』	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
建	O	O
与	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
素	O	O
有	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
尽	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
与	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
海	O	O
峡	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
许	O	O
嘉	O	O
璐	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
峡	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
、	O	O
港	O	O
澳	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
、	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
侨	O	O
胞	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
和	O	O
响	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
。	O	O
民	O	O
盟	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
丁	O	O
石	O	O
孙	O	O
、	O	O
台	O	O
盟	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	O	O
克	O	O
辉	O	O
也	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
罗	O	O
康	O	O
雄	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	O
杰	O	O
）	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
口	O	O
深	O	O
水	O	O
航	O	O
道	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
浦	B	B
东	E	E
新	O	O
区	O	O
外	B	O
高	M	O
桥	E	O
沿	O	O
江	O	O
大	O	O
堤	O	O
宣	O	O
告	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
水	O	O
运	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
口	O	O
“	O	O
瓶	O	O
颈	O	O
”	O	O
将	O	O
被	O	O
打	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
口	O	O
深	O	O
水	O	O
航	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
上	B	O
海	E	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
三	O	O
角	O	O
洲	O	O
新	O	O
飞	O	O
跃	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
、	O	O
朱	O	O
F	O	O
基	O	O
等	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
长	B	B
江	E	E
口	O	O
深	O	O
水	O	O
航	O	O
道	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
及	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
求	O	O
真	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
功	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
、	O	O
利	O	O
在	O	O
千	O	O
秋	O	O
的	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
市	E	E
市	O	O
长	O	O
徐	O	O
匡	O	O
迪	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
夏	O	O
克	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
石	O	O
秀	O	O
诗	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
春	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
胡	O	O
希	O	O
捷	O	O
及	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
局	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
谢	O	O
非	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	B
东	O	M
省	O	E
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
朱	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
及	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
州	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
高	O	O
祀	O	O
仁	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
林	O	O
树	O	O
森	O	O
等	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
广	B	O
州	M	O
天	M	O
河	M	O
高	M	O
新	M	O
技	M	O
术	M	O
开	M	O
发	M	O
区	E	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	O
鹏	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
察	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
Ｅ	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
―	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
程	O	O
控	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
机	O	O
等	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
硬	O	O
件	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
勉	O	O
励	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
刻	O	O
苦	O	O
钻	O	O
研	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
多	O	O
做	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
乔	O	O
石	O	O
向	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
致	O	O
以	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
持	O	O
坚	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
团	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
原	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
协	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
董	O	O
寅	O	O
初	O	O
等	O	O
和	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
共	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
远	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
沪	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
吴	O	O
邦	O	O
国	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
揭	O	O
牌	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
远	O	O
洋	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
陈	O	O
忠	O	O
表	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
揭	O	O
牌	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
黄	O	O
镇	O	O
东	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
市	E	E
市	O	O
长	O	O
徐	O	O
匡	O	O
迪	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
副	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
石	O	O
秀	O	O
诗	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
季	O	O
允	O	O
石	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
市	E	E
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
陈	O	O
良	O	O
宇	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
张	O	O
春	O	O
园	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
揭	O	O
牌	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
京	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
贺	O	O
辞	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
和	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
厅	O	O
广	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
市	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
开	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
别	O	O
致	O	O
、	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
薛	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
）	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
辆	O	O
满	O	O
载	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
、	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
和	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
卡	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
昨	O	O
晚	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
那	B	B
曲	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
会	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
抗	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
『	O	O
八	O	O
仙	O	O
』	O	O
娃	O	O
迎	O	O
春	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
于	O	O
青	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
旅	O	O
日	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	M
华	O	M
侨	O	M
会	O	M
馆	O	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
《	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
而	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
三	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
驻	O	O
日	B	O
本	E	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
徐	O	O
敦	O	O
信	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
“	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
一	O	O
个	O	O
非	O	O
营	O	O
利	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
外	O	O
科	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
马	O	O
基	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
创	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
及	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
派	O	O
遣	O	O
了	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
面	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
缺	O	O
陷	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
向	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
派	O	O
遣	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
逗	O	O
留	O	O
二	O	O
周	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
到	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
、	O	O
南	B	B
昌	E	E
、	O	O
肇	B	B
庆	E	E
、	O	O
南	B	B
京	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
１	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
患	O	O
有	O	O
唇	O	O
裂	O	O
和	O	O
颚	O	O
裂	O	O
等	O	O
面	O	O
部	O	O
缺	O	O
陷	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
儿	O	O
童	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
是	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
嘉	O	O
廉	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
给	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
给	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
等	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
给	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
筹	O	O
措	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
他	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
慷	O	O
慨	O	O
解	O	O
囊	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
餐	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
“	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
首	O	O
富	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
业	O	O
巨	O	O
头	O	O
比	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
盖	O	O
茨	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
筹	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
王	O	O
嘉	O	O
廉	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
模	O	O
型	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毛	O	O
众	O	O
役	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
伦	O	B
敦	O	E
帝	O	O
国	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
由	O	O
全	O	O
英	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
学	O	O
联	O	O
和	O	O
伦	O	O
敦	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
学	O	O
联	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
编	O	O
自	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
情	O	O
抒	O	O
发	O	O
与	O	O
远	O	O
隔	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
同	O	O
庆	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
》	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
首	O	O
嘹	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
寄	O	O
托	O	O
了	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
旅	O	O
英	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
殷	O	O
殷	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
哈	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
联	O	O
袂	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B	O
拉	M	O
木	M	O
图	E	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
、	O	O
哈	O	O
萨	O	O
克	O	O
族	O	O
、	O	O
俄	O	B
罗	O	M
斯	O	E
族	O	O
、	O	O
维	O	O
吾	O	O
尔	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
回	O	O
族	O	O
等	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
与	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
驻	O	O
哈	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
官	O	O
载	O	O
歌	O	O
载	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
风	O	O
调	O	O
雨	O	O
顺	O	O
、	O	O
五	O	O
谷	O	O
丰	O	O
登	O	O
。	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
由	O	O
协	B	B
和	M	M
―	M	M
拉	M	M
法	M	M
耶	M	M
特	M	M
大	M	M
饭	M	M
店	E	E
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
朗	O	O
代	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	M
大	O	M
饭	O	M
店	O	E
举	O	O
办	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
传	O	O
统	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
人	O	O
合	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
阴	O	O
阳	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
大	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
怀	O	O
有	O	O
浓	O	O
厚	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
。	O	O
协	B	B
和	M	M
―	M	M
拉	M	M
法	M	M
耶	M	M
特	M	M
大	M	M
饭	M	M
店	E	E
希	O	O
望	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
幕	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
悬	O	O
挂	O	O
着	O	O
红	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
吉	O	O
”	O	O
两	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
旁	O	O
边	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
只	O	O
栩	O	O
栩	O	O
如	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
虎	O	O
剪	O	O
纸	O	O
，	O	O
乐	O	O
池	O	O
旁	O	O
的	O	O
横	O	O
幅	O	O
上	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
欢	O	O
欢	O	O
喜	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
快	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
乐	O	O
庆	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
喜	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
扶	O	O
老	O	O
携	O	O
幼	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
来	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
众	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
莫	O	O
雷	O	O
勒	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
深	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
触	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
用	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
话	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
恭	O	O
喜	O	O
发	O	O
财	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
驻	O	O
美	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
李	O	O
道	O	O
豫	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
欣	O	O
赏	O	O
黄	O	O
河	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
都	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
都	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
炎	O	O
黄	O	O
子	O	O
孙	O	O
而	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
比	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
书	O	O
面	O	O
贺	O	O
词	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
张	O	O
灯	O	O
结	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
载	O	O
歌	O	O
载	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
美	O	O
味	O	O
佳	O	O
肴	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
美	O	O
籍	O	O
亚	O	O
裔	O	O
给	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
和	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
和	O	O
希	O	O
拉	O	O
里	O	O
同	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
、	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
澳	B	B
大	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
有	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
便	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
驻	O	O
澳	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
领	O	O
事	O	O
馆	O	O
都	O	O
已	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
盛	O	O
大	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
；	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
各	O	O
华	O	O
埠	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
龙	O	O
舞	O	O
狮	O	O
队	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
彩	O	O
排	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
也	O	O
拨	O	O
出	O	O
专	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
社	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
；	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
马	O	O
戏	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
扬	O	O
州	O	O
木	O	O
偶	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
澳	B	B
洲	E	E
虎	O	O
年	O	O
吉	O	O
庆	O	O
锦	O	O
上	O	O
添	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
堪	B	B
培	M	M
拉	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
因	O	O
东	B	O
京	E	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
以	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
部	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
野	O	O
党	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
三	O	O
博	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O
权	O	O
衡	O	O
再	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
博	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
与	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
会	O	O
商	O	O
后	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
辞	O	O
呈	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	B
本	O	E
全	O	O
国	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
各	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
要	O	O
废	O	O
除	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
Ｆ	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
与	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
官	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
权	O	O
限	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
两	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
被	O	O
捕	O	O
使	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
迫	O	O
在	O	O
眉	O	O
睫	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
名	O	O
减	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
从	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
名	O	O
减	O	O
为	O	O
２	O	O
４	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
级	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
将	O	O
缩	O	O
编	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
将	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
到	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
改	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
商	O	O
部	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
大	O	O
使	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
已	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
发	O	O
动	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
就	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
对	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
将	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
何	O	O
种	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
为	O	O
时	O	O
尚	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
伊	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
同	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
特	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
派	O	O
驻	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
的	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
离	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
对	O	O
海	O	O
湾	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
派	O	O
遣	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
特	O	O
使	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
与	O	O
俄	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
普	O	O
里	O	O
马	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
后	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
３	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
雪	O	O
山	O	O
孤	O	O
岛	O	O
』	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
暖	O	O
（	O	O
罗	O	O
顺	O	O
裕	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
７	O	O
、	O	O
恩	O	O
重	O	O
如	O	O
山	O	O
永	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
（	O	O
李	O	O
舸	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
电	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
藏	M	M
那	M	M
曲	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
雪	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O
驻	O	O
藏	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
受	O	O
灾	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
调	O	O
拨	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
抗	O	O
雪	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
雪	O	O
域	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
谱	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
曲	O	O
拥	O	O
政	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
同	O	O
呼	O	O
吸	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
、	O	O
心	O	O
连	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
鱼	O	O
水	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
一	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
鹿	O	O
永	O	O
建	O	O
）	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
举	O	O
足	O	O
轻	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
番	O	O
试	O	O
探	O	O
、	O	O
几	O	O
度	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
来	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
业	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
家	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
近	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
家	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
、	O	O
天	B	B
津	E	E
等	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
来	O	O
此	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O
以	O	O
天	B	O
津	E	O
为	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
家	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
来	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
石	O	O
营	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
到	O	O
京	O	O
郊	O	O
向	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
户	O	O
外	O	O
寒	O	O
风	O	O
袭	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
仍	O	O
迎	O	O
候	O	O
在	O	O
村	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
舞	O	O
起	O	O
龙	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
起	O	O
鞭	O	O
炮	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
向	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
大	O	O
声	O	O
祝	O	O
福	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
愉	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O
言	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
延	B	B
庆	M	M
县	E	E
有	O	O
种	O	O
反	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
酿	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
酒	O	O
的	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
路	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
果	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
供	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
酒	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
量	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O
白	O	O
酒	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
消	O	O
耗	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
，	O	O
喝	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
果	O	O
酒	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
两	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
对	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
赵	O	O
增	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
你	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
喝	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
杯	O	O
白	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
舒	O	O
筋	O	O
活	O	O
血	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
席	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
得	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
点	O	O
头	O	O
称	O	O
道	O	O
又	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
笑	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
赵	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
还	O	O
饶	O	O
有	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
地	O	O
与	O	O
赵	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
小	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
包	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
饺	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
临	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
李	O	O
鹏	O	O
祝	O	O
赵	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
更	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
赵	O	O
增	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
长	O	O
寿	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
：	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
维	B	B
也	M	M
纳	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
戴	O	O
露	O	O
、	O	O
谢	O	O
湘	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
回	O	O
荡	O	O
在	O	O
维	O	B
也	O	M
纳	O	E
音	O	O
乐	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
族	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
奥	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
名	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
陈	O	O
燮	O	O
阳	O	O
的	O	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
３	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
圣	O	O
殿	O	O
。	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
前	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
瓦	O	O
尔	O	O
德	O	O
海	O	O
姆	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
长	O	O
路	O	O
德	O	O
维	O	O
希	O	O
・	O	O
毕	O	O
林	O	O
格	O	O
等	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
寒	O	O
气	O	O
袭	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
浓	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
红	O	O
火	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
街	O	O
头	O	O
彩	O	O
灯	O	O
齐	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
浓	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
举	O	O
家	O	O
上	O	O
饭	O	O
馆	O	O
吃	O	O
年	O	O
夜	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
市	O	O
民	O	O
又	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
乘	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
坐	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
领	O	O
略	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
好	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
高	O	O
挂	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
红	O	O
灯	O	O
笼	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
今	O	O
春	O	O
石	B	O
家	M	O
庄	M	O
市	E	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O
数	O	O
以	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
红	O	O
灯	O	O
笼	O	O
悬	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
石	B	B
家	M	M
庄	E	E
街	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
重	B	B
庆	E	E
库	O	O
区	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
新	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
火	O	O
红	O	O
。	O	O
搬	O	O
进	O	O
新	O	O
居	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
贴	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
，	O	O
挂	O	O
彩	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
欢	O	O
喜	O	O
喜	O	O
吃	O	O
乔	O	O
迁	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
顿	O	O
年	O	O
饭	O	O
。	O	O
坝	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
冬	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
搀	O	O
着	O	O
老	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
领	O	O
着	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
爷	O	O
挟	O	O
着	O	O
小	O	O
木	O	O
凳	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
邻	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
、	O	O
衣	O	O
着	O	O
鲜	O	O
艳	O	O
的	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
驻	O	O
张	B	B
家	M	M
口	E	E
某	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
军	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
搭	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
为	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
了	O	O
快	O	O
板	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
独	O	O
唱	O	O
、	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
等	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
别	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
看	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
滋	O	O
有	O	O
味	O	O
。	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
９	O	O
点	O	O
多	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
程	O	O
从	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
赶	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
手	O	O
孙	O	O
悦	O	O
、	O	O
臧	O	O
天	O	O
朔	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
乱	B	B
石	M	M
山	M	M
村	E	E
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
给	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
送	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
和	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
文	O	O
艺	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O
欢	O	O
声	O	O
笑	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
安	O	O
静	O	O
的	O	O
塞	O	O
上	O	O
小	O	O
村	O	O
沸	O	O
腾	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
礼	O	O
花	O	O
映	O	O
红	O	O
京	O	O
郊	O	O
夜	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
１	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
亮	O	O
如	O	O
白	O	O
昼	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
席	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
好	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
放	O	O
礼	O	O
花	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
特	O	O
意	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
出	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
当	O	O
吴	O	O
敦	O	O
夫	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
天	B	O
山	E	O
宴	O	O
会	O	O
厅	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
喜	O	O
吟	O	O
吟	O	O
地	O	O
齐	O	O
声	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
』	O	O
吴	O	O
敦	O	O
夫	O	O
等	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
前	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
活	O	O
泼	O	O
可	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
搂	O	O
进	O	O
怀	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
嘘	O	O
寒	O	O
问	O	O
暖	O	O
。	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
忙	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
王	O	O
保	O	O
俊	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
我	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
夜	O	O
为	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
把	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
泊	O	O
位	O	O
无	O	O
一	O	O
闲	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
而	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
装	O	O
箱	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
号	O	O
码	O	O
头	O	O
『	O	O
明	O	O
达	O	O
』	O	O
轮	O	O
卸	O	O
大	O	O
豆	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
台	O	O
门	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
七	O	O
台	O	O
灌	O	O
包	O	O
机	O	O
隆	O	O
隆	O	O
欢	O	O
唱	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
丝	O	O
不	O	O
苟	O	O
地	O	O
灌	O	O
包	O	O
、	O	O
缝	O	O
包	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
港	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
装	O	O
卸	O	O
四	O	O
队	O	O
队	O	O
长	O	O
逄	O	O
新	O	O
学	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
队	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
创	O	O
出	O	O
单	O	O
舱	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
吨	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
贺	O	O
劲	O	O
松	O	O
花	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
菜	O	O
篮	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
在	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
类	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
百	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
饮	O	O
料	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
烟	O	O
酒	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
名	O	O
优	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
冷	O	O
冻	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
小	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
也	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
举	O	O
家	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
就	O	O
餐	O	O
，	O	O
拉	O	O
动	O	O
餐	O	O
饮	O	O
业	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
居	O	O
各	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
首	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
片	O	O
编	O	O
剧	O	O
苏	O	O
叔	O	O
阳	O	O
、	O	O
苏	O	O
霆	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
恩	O	O
来	O	O
由	O	O
王	O	O
铁	O	O
成	O	O
扮	O	O
演	O	O
。	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
有	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
叫	O	O
阜	B	O
平	E	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
身	O	O
晋	O	O
察	O	O
冀	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
于	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
与	O	O
敌	O	O
周	O	O
旋	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O
阜	O	O
平	O	O
县	O	O
委	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
专	O	O
函	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
阜	B	O
平	E	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
山	O	O
高	O	O
沟	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
仍	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
唯	O	O
有	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
外	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
和	O	O
林	O	O
格	O	O
尔	O	O
县	O	O
教	O	O
委	O	O
在	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
在	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
辍	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
生	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
订	O	O
阅	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O
获	O	O
赠	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
为	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
县	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
更	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
丛	O	O
亚	O	O
平	O	O
）	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
房	O	O
空	O	O
置	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
积	O	O
压	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
部	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
李	O	O
振	O	O
东	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
要	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
真	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
空	O	O
置	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
早	O	O
见	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
①	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
龙	B	B
潭	E	E
庙	O	O
会	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
浙	B	B
江	E	E
、	O	O
山	B	B
西	E	E
、	O	O
青	B	B
海	E	E
等	O	O
省	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
花	O	O
会	O	O
博	O	O
得	O	O
在	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
喝	O	O
彩	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
文	O	O
道	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
查	O	O
春	O	O
明	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
市	O	O
长	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
新	O	O
疆	O	O
军	O	O
区	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
员	O	O
李	O	O
良	O	O
辉	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
哨	O	O
卡	O	O
在	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
执	O	O
勤	O	O
巡	O	O
逻	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
，	O	O
雪	O	O
比	O	O
往	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
再	O	O
大	O	O
也	O	O
难	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
戍	O	O
边	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
看	O	O
家	O	O
守	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
月	O	O
亭	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
吉	O	B
林	O	M
省	O	E
气	O	O
象	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
坐	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
春	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
于	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
也	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
屋	O	O
里	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
笑	O	O
声	O	O
和	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
围	O	O
在	O	O
红	O	O
红	O	O
的	O	O
炉	O	O
火	O	O
旁	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
换	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
泳	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
小	O	O
屋	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
寒	O	O
冬	O	O
锁	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
湖	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
位	O	O
冬	O	O
泳	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
壮	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
杭	B	B
州	E	E
新	O	O
春	O	O
出	O	O
游	O	O
畅	O	O
通	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
扫	O	O
多	O	O
日	O	O
阴	O	O
冷	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
阳	O	O
光	O	O
普	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
入	O	O
冬	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
澳	B	B
门	E	E
居	O	O
民	O	O
早	O	O
早	O	O
都	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
阖	O	O
家	O	O
游	O	O
玩	O	O
，	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
出	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
祥	O	O
和	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O
花	O	O
车	O	O
巡	O	O
游	O	O
打	O	O
头	O	O
阵	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
旗	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
９	O	O
条	O	O
巨	O	O
龙	O	O
和	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
头	O	O
醒	O	O
狮	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
旗	O	O
手	O	O
挥	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
火	O	O
红	O	O
的	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
条	O	O
巨	O	O
龙	O	O
翻	O	O
腾	O	O
，	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
头	O	O
醒	O	O
狮	O	O
随	O	O
锣	O	O
鼓	O	O
声	O	O
劲	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
着	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
虎	O	O
虎	O	O
生	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
辆	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
巡	O	O
游	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
车	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
新	O	O
纪	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
紫	O	O
荆	O	O
盛	O	O
放	O	O
”	O	O
花	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
“	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
遍	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
”	O	O
花	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
熊	O	O
猫	O	O
献	O	O
瑞	O	O
”	O	O
花	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
飞	O	O
跃	O	O
龙	O	O
腾	O	O
耀	O	O
香	B	B
江	E	E
”	O	O
花	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
定	O	O
点	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
有	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
个	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
个	O	O
极	O	O
贫	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
极	O	O
贫	O	O
村	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
定	O	O
点	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
式	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
；	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
包	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
扶	O	O
、	O	O
富	O	O
户	O	O
带	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
泰	B	B
国	M	E
斯	M	O
里	M	O
拉	M	O
差	M	O
老	M	O
虎	M	O
公	M	O
园	E	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
孟	O	O
加	O	O
拉	O	O
虎	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
依	O	O
偎	O	O
在	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
奇	O	O
地	O	O
审	O	O
视	O	O
着	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
曼	B	B
谷	E	E
郊	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
斯	B	O
里	M	O
拉	M	O
差	M	O
老	M	O
虎	M	O
公	M	O
园	E	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
繁	O	O
殖	O	O
了	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
只	O	O
孟	O	O
加	O	O
拉	O	O
虎	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
时	O	O
报	O	O
》	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
社	O	O
论	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
江	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
对	O	O
台	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
三	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
社	O	O
论	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
是	O	O
向	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
当	O	O
局	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
要	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
因	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
峡	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
社	O	O
论	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
台	B	B
湾	M	M
海	M	M
峡	E	E
两	O	O
岸	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
和	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
炎	O	O
黄	O	O
子	O	O
孙	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
普	O	O
天	O	O
同	O	O
庆	O	O
一	O	O
统	O	O
天	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
不	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
符	O	O
泉	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	O
国	E	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
奥	O	O
尔	O	O
布	O	O
赖	O	O
特	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
科	O	O
恩	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
将	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
和	O	O
海	O	O
湾	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	O	O
起	O	O
）	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
动	O	O
武	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
古	O	O
齐	O	O
里	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
使	O	O
用	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
造	O	O
成	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
和	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
伤	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
俄	O	O
通	O	O
社	O	O
―	O	O
塔	O	O
斯	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	O
南	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
春	O	O
“	O	O
华	O	O
夏	O	O
艺	O	O
文	O	O
恒	O	O
千	O	O
古	O	O
远	O	O
播	O	O
四	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
南	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
春	O	O
万	O	O
象	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
日	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
台	O	O
由	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
凯	O	O
森	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
侨	O	O
胞	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
演	O	O
唱	O	O
了	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
《	O	O
南	B	B
泥	M	M
湾	E	E
》	O	O
、	O	O
京	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
沙	B	O
家	M	O
浜	E	O
》	O	O
选	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
奏	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
器	O	O
乐	O	O
曲	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
演	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
书	O	O
画	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
古	O	O
筝	O	O
的	O	O
伴	O	O
奏	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
广	B	B
东	E	E
的	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
范	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
当	O	O
场	O	O
画	O	O
“	O	O
虎	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
恭	O	O
祝	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
虎	O	O
虎	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
气	O	O
；	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
的	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
家	O	O
杨	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
即	O	O
兴	O	O
为	O	O
画	O	O
配	O	O
词	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
苍	O	O
穹	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
游	O	O
子	O	O
未	O	O
归	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
蹭	O	O
蹬	O	O
坎	O	O
坷	O	O
豪	O	O
气	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
啸	O	O
傲	O	O
西	O	O
风	O	O
走	O	O
天	O	O
涯	O	O
。	O	O
壮	O	O
哉	O	O
我	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
首	O	O
《	O	O
忆	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
》	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
游	O	O
子	O	O
思	O	O
念	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
、	O	O
遥	O	O
祝	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
赤	O	O
子	O	O
之	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
无	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
红	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
曲	O	O
《	O	O
我	O	O
爱	O	O
你	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
》	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
唱	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
侨	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
唱	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
激	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
声	O	O
泪	O	O
俱	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
传	O	O
真	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
蒋	O	O
千	O	O
红	O	O
伦	O	B
敦	O	E
中	O	B
国	O	E
学	O	O
生	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
联	O	O
谊	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
周	O	O
宁	O	O
一	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
往	O	O
年	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
登	O	O
台	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
中	B	O
国	E	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
和	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
谊	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
老	O	O
外	O	O
』	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
师	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
『	O	O
洋	O	O
女	O	O
婿	O	O
』	O	O
、	O	O
『	O	O
洋	O	O
媳	O	O
妇	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
联	O	O
谊	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
风	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
开	B	B
罗	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
安	O	O
江	O	O
、	O	O
侯	O	O
嘉	O	O
）	O	O
埃	B	B
及	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
穆	O	O
巴	O	O
拉	O	O
克	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
与	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
巴	O	B
勒	O	M
斯	O	M
坦	O	E
民	O	O
族	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	O	O
拉	O	O
法	O	O
特	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
已	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
滑	O	O
坡	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O
三	O	O
V	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
提	O	O
交	O	O
辞	O	O
呈	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
兼	O	O
任	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
另	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
捕	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
部	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
官	O	O
室	O	O
长	O	O
宫	O	O
川	O	O
宏	O	O
一	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
以	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
原	O	O
价	O	O
４	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
从	O	O
某	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
子	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
产	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
利	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
东	B	O
京	E	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
搜	O	O
查	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
劝	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
朝	O	O
日	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
社	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
海	O	O
道	O	O
拓	O	O
殖	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
东	O	O
京	O	O
分	O	O
社	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
受	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
为	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
６	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
亿	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
平	O	O
息	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
是	O	O
主	O	O
顾	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
衰	O	O
退	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
削	O	O
弱	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
势	O	O
必	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
将	O	O
与	O	O
拉	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
亚	B	B
洲	E	E
和	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
国	O	O
家	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
他	O	O
“	O	O
快	O	O
车	O	O
道	O	O
”	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
欧	O	B
洲	O	E
联	O	O
盟	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
在	O	O
与	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
后	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
布	B	B
鲁	M	M
塞	M	M
尔	E	E
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
阿	B	B
尔	M	M
及	M	M
利	M	M
亚	E	E
、	O	O
波	B	B
黑	E	E
、	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
东	O	O
扩	O	O
、	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
关	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
与	O	O
日	B	O
本	E	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
移	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
伊	B	B
朗	E	E
、	O	O
巴	B	B
尔	M	M
干	M	M
半	M	M
岛	E	E
等	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
。	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
在	O	O
四	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
欧	O	O
亚	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
布	B	O
隆	M	O
迪	E	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
菲	O	O
尔	O	O
曼	O	O
・	O	O
辛	O	O
佐	O	O
伊	O	O
海	O	O
巴	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
空	O	O
难	O	O
中	O	O
丧	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
辛	O	O
佐	O	O
伊	O	O
海	O	O
巴	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
基	B	O
特	M	O
加	E	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
后	O	O
乘	O	O
坐	O	O
一	O	O
架	O	O
直	O	O
升	O	O
机	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
暴	O	O
雨	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
直	O	O
升	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
飞	O	O
越	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
东	O	B
南	O	E
五	O	O
十	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
吉	B	O
汗	M	O
加	M	O
山	M	O
区	E	O
时	O	O
坠	O	O
毁	O	O
。	O	O
军	O	O
旅	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
喜	O	O
获	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
方	O	O
队	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
兵	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
尉	O	O
官	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
刚	O	O
出	O	O
头	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
把	O	O
镜	O	O
头	O	O
对	O	O
准	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
校	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
连	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
尉	O	O
官	O	O
士	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
给	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
息	O	O
和	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
烦	O	O
恼	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
十	O	O
字	O	O
方	O	O
队	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
肖	O	O
红	O	O
、	O	O
江	O	B
南	O	E
、	O	O
丁	O	O
惠	O	O
敏	O	O
等	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
初	O	O
来	O	O
军	O	O
医	O	O
大	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
浪	O	O
漫	O	O
，	O	O
稚	O	O
嫩	O	O
娇	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
爱	O	O
敢	O	O
恨	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
浓	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
印	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
军	O	O
医	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
学	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
做	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
必	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
兵	O	O
》	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
王	O	O
伟	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
雁	O	O
荡	O	O
等	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
的	O	O
温	B	B
州	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
，	O	O
入	O	O
伍	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
办	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
，	O	O
娇	O	O
生	O	O
惯	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
懂	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
头	O	O
脑	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
和	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
陕	B	B
北	E	E
的	O	O
铁	O	O
宝	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
田	O	O
三	O	O
喜	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
给	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
意	O	O
想	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
这	O	O
所	O	O
大	O	O
熔	O	O
炉	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
弱	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
驱	O	O
逐	O	O
舰	O	O
长	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
同	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
迈	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
舰	O	O
长	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
战	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
挫	O	O
折	O	O
和	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
过	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
和	O	O
升	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
丰	O	O
厚	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
浩	O	O
瀚	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
敦	B	B
煌	E	E
，	O	O
将	O	O
被	O	O
搬	O	O
上	O	O
荧	O	O
屏	O	O
。	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
向	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
献	O	O
礼	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
敦	B	B
煌	E	E
》	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
和	O	O
敦	O	O
煌	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
院	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
开	O	O
始	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
广	O	O
西	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
岛	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
岛	O	O
丰	O	O
合	O	O
物	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
嫂	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
材	O	O
于	O	O
刘	O	O
知	O	O
侠	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
名	O	O
中	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
片	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
山	B	B
东	M	E
沂	M	B
蒙	M	M
山	M	M
区	E	E
妇	O	O
女	O	O
红	O	O
嫂	O	O
用	O	O
乳	O	O
汁	O	O
救	O	O
活	O	O
身	O	O
负	O	O
重	O	O
伤	O	O
昏	O	O
迷	O	O
不	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
掩	O	O
护	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
至	O	O
送	O	O
伤	O	O
员	O	O
重	O	O
返	O	O
前	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
颂	O	O
扬	O	O
了	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
革	O	O
命	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
胸	O	O
怀	O	O
，	O	O
讴	O	O
歌	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
妇	O	O
女	O	O
凝	O	O
结	O	O
着	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
母	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
将	O	O
军	O	O
李	O	O
水	O	O
清	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
凯	O	O
亭	O	O
、	O	O
宋	O	O
登	O	O
华	O	O
等	O	O
都	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
嫂	O	O
》	O	O
击	O	O
掌	O	O
叫	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O
殷	O	O
殷	O	O
话	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
悠	O	O
悠	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
嫂	O	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
以	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O
愿	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
嫂	O	O
》	O	O
从	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
千	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
万	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
脑	O	O
后	O	O
拖	O	O
条	O	O
辫	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
额	O	O
头	O	O
剃	O	O
得	O	O
又	O	O
光	O	O
又	O	O
青	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
清	O	O
代	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
扮	O	O
相	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
看	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
近	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
“	O	O
清	O	O
宫	O	O
戏	O	O
”	O	O
勃	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
清	O	O
宫	O	O
热	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
清	O	O
碰	O	O
碰	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
刊	O	O
物	O	O
声	O	O
言	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
奇	O	O
和	O	O
专	O	O
注	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
渐	O	O
渐	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
冷	O	O
淡	O	O
，	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
厌	O	O
倦	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
观	O	O
过	O	O
《	O	O
叶	O	O
》	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
清	O	O
史	O	O
者	O	O
会	O	O
叹	O	O
其	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
之	O	O
丰	O	O
赡	O	O
鲜	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
谙	O	O
清	O	O
史	O	O
者	O	O
则	O	O
惊	O	O
其	O	O
史	O	O
事	O	O
之	O	O
奇	O	O
崛	O	O
壮	O	O
阔	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
几	O	O
代	O	O
叶	O	O
赫	O	O
那	O	O
拉	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
缀	O	O
，	O	O
起	O	O
伏	O	O
跌	O	O
宕	O	O
，	O	O
摇	O	O
曳	O	O
多	O	O
姿	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
叶	O	O
赫	O	O
遭	O	O
偷	O	O
袭	O	O
，	O	O
仆	O	O
其	O	O
格	O	O
为	O	O
救	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
（	O	O
西	B	B
城	E	E
大	O	B
阿	O	M
哥	O	M
布	O	M
寨	O	E
）	O	O
捐	O	O
躯	O	O
沙	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
临	O	O
终	O	O
生	O	O
下	O	O
东	O	O
歌	O	O
。	O	O
继	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
嫁	O	O
哈	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
姐	O	O
纵	O	O
横	O	O
捭	O	O
阖	O	O
于	O	O
部	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
明	O	O
王	O	O
朝	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
怀	O	O
中	O	O
兴	O	O
叶	O	O
赫	O	O
之	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
事	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
过	O	O
境	O	O
迁	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
后	O	O
辈	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
重	O	O
蹈	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
覆	O	O
辙	O	O
。	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
叶	O	O
赫	O	O
那	O	O
拉	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
明	O	O
媚	O	O
欢	O	O
悦	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
乌	O	O
兰	O	O
与	O	O
养	O	O
女	O	O
东	O	O
歌	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
珠	O	O
的	O	O
潋	O	O
滟	O	O
亲	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
孟	O	O
古	O	O
与	O	O
阿	O	O
塔	O	O
、	O	O
东	O	O
歌	O	O
与	O	O
孟	O	O
文	O	O
翰	O	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
珠	O	O
与	O	O
布	O	O
场	O	O
古	O	O
的	O	O
缠	O	O
绵	O	O
初	O	O
恋	O	O
，	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
天	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
扛	O	O
起	O	O
叶	O	O
赫	O	O
半	O	O
壁	O	O
江	O	O
山	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
配	O	O
有	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
孟	O	O
古	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
对	O	O
阿	O	O
塔	O	O
投	O	O
水	O	O
殉	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
度	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
远	O	O
嫁	O	O
；	O	O
乌	O	O
兰	O	O
误	O	O
中	O	O
圈	O	O
套	O	O
被	O	O
点	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
灯	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
苦	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
阿	O	O
珠	O	O
几	O	O
度	O	O
易	O	O
夫	O	O
受	O	O
尽	O	O
凌	O	O
辱	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
逼	O	O
与	O	O
爱	O	O
子	O	O
生	O	O
离	O	O
死	O	O
别	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
东	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
韬	O	O
武	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
回	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
耗	O	O
尽	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
死	O	O
他	O	O
乡	O	O
。	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
公	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
饰	O	O
演	O	O
者	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
尽	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
于	O	O
慧	O	O
，	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
了	O	O
角	O	O
色	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
反	O	O
差	O	O
和	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
变	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
妙	O	O
维	O	O
肖	O	O
地	O	O
传	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
东	O	O
歌	O	O
那	O	O
纯	O	O
洁	O	O
而	O	O
高	O	O
贵	O	O
、	O	O
娴	O	O
静	O	O
又	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
胆	O	O
魄	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
素	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
影	O	O
坛	O	O
虎	O	O
将	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
翟	O	O
俊	O	O
杰	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
唱	O	O
响	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
赞	O	O
歌	O	O
。	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
翟	O	O
俊	O	O
杰	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
将	O	O
镜	O	O
头	O	O
对	O	O
准	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
宏	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
讴	O	O
歌	O	O
了	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
伟	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
篇	O	O
章	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
创	O	O
时	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
攸	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
此	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
大	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
翟	O	O
俊	O	O
杰	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
出	O	O
马	O	O
挺	O	O
立	O	O
潮	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
命	O	O
于	O	O
河	O	O
南	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
厂	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
闯	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
邯	O	O
钢	O	O
为	O	O
原	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
《	O	O
挺	O	O
立	O	O
潮	O	O
头	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
”	O	O
新	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
《	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
波	O	O
尔	O	O
卡	O	O
》	O	O
：	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
该	O	O
剧	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
跨	O	O
度	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
到	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
侧	O	O
面	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
现	O	O
代	O	O
史	O	O
；	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
之	O	O
多	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
有	O	O
姓	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
了	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
用	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
来	O	O
烘	O	O
托	O	O
潘	O	O
汉	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
众	O	O
星	O	O
捧	O	O
月	O	O
月	O	O
更	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	O
杰	O	O
系	O	O
众	O	O
众	O	O
亦	O	O
雄	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
杨	O	O
伟	O	O
光	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
台	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
潘	O	O
汉	O	O
年	O	O
》	O	O
总	O	O
监	O	O
制	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
剧	O	O
是	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
将	O	O
我	O	O
党	O	O
隐	O	O
蔽	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
搬	O	O
上	O	O
荧	O	O
屏	O	O
，	O	O
填	O	O
补	O	O
了	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
空	O	O
白	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
诗	O	O
惠	O	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
党	O	O
校	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
党	O	O
史	O	O
教	O	O
研	O	O
部	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
全	O	O
景	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
地	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
潘	O	O
汉	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
统	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
空	O	O
跨	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
、	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
谋	O	O
略	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
公	O	O
所	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
和	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
错	O	O
综	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
者	O	O
都	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
驾	O	O
驭	O	O
和	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
剧	O	O
情	O	O
虽	O	O
跌	O	O
宕	O	O
起	O	O
伏	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
线	O	O
条	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
；	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
传	O	O
奇	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
和	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
不	O	O
乱	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
剧	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
动	O	O
情	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
悬	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
心	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
刻	O	O
画	O	O
也	O	O
较	O	O
有	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
震	O	O
撼	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
剧	O	O
中	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
对	O	O
角	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
扮	O	O
演	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
功	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
分	O	O
寸	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
剧	O	O
中	O	O
“	O	O
船	O	O
”	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
隐	O	O
蔽	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
者	O	O
潘	O	O
汉	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
越	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
貂	O	O
蝉	O	O
与	O	O
吕	O	O
布	O	O
》	O	O
晋	O	O
京	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
由	O	O
歌	O	O
唱	O	O
家	O	O
吴	O	O
国	O	O
村	O	O
策	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
邓	O	O
在	O	O
军	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
徐	O	O
沛	O	O
东	O	O
任	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
总	O	O
监	O	O
的	O	O
六	O	O
集	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
放	O	O
歌	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
由	O	O
重	O	O
庆	O	O
有	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	B
庆	O	E
嘉	O	O
德	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
等	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
片	O	O
将	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
传	O	O
说	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
土	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
等	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
与	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
风	O	O
光	O	O
融	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
别	O	O
致	O	O
而	O	O
恢	O	O
宏	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
裁	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
三	B	O
峡	E	O
胜	O	O
景	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
荧	O	O
屏	O	O
。	O	O
孟	O	O
庆	O	O
云	O	O
、	O	O
雷	O	O
蕾	O	O
、	O	O
孙	O	B
川	O	E
、	O	O
张	O	O
宏	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
李	O	O
海	O	O
鹰	O	O
、	O	O
肖	O	O
白	O	O
、	O	O
徐	O	O
沛	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
晓	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
易	O	O
茗	O	O
等	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
词	O	O
曲	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
片	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
首	O	O
以	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
为	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
曾	O	O
专	O	O
程	O	O
赴	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
采	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
对	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
的	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
情	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
谷	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
阎	O	O
维	O	O
文	O	O
等	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
位	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
歌	O	O
坛	O	O
最	O	O
具	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
唱	O	O
家	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
此	O	O
片	O	O
在	O	O
三	B	B
峡	E	E
的	O	O
实	O	O
景	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
苗	O	O
）	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
找	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
之	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
邳	B	B
州	E	E
筹	O	O
资	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
镜	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
善	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
风	O	O
尚	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
扶	O	O
危	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
道	O	O
热	O	O
肠	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
合	B	B
肥	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	O	O
正	O	O
忠	O	O
、	O	O
卢	O	O
尧	O	O
）	O	O
安	B	B
徽	M	M
省	E	E
采	O	O
取	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
按	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
价	O	O
敞	O	O
开	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
余	O	O
粮	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
入	O	O
库	O	O
达	O	O
７	O	O
７	O	O
亿	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
多	O	O
收	O	O
１	O	O
６	O	O
亿	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
幅	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
此	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
３	O	O
６	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
防	O	O
洪	O	O
屏	O	O
障	O	O
江	B	B
苏	E	E
决	O	O
定	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
亿	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
村	O	O
座	O	O
座	O	O
小	O	O
楼	O	O
张	O	O
灯	O	O
结	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
沉	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
王	O	O
村	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
比	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
更	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
点	O	O
完	O	O
给	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
岁	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
爆	O	O
竹	O	O
和	O	O
气	O	O
球	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
干	O	O
活	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
岁	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
７	O	O
名	O	O
考	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
８	O	O
名	O	O
结	O	O
婚	O	O
成	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
户	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
让	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
因	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
与	O	O
母	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
非	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
１	O	O
年	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
号	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
，	O	O
中	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
是	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
全	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
是	O	O
中	B	B
华	M	M
人	M	M
民	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
。	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
乌	B	B
鲁	M	M
木	M	M
齐	E	E
：	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
替	O	O
班	O	O
扫	O	O
马	O	O
路	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
光	O	O
明	O	O
敞	O	O
亮	O	O
过	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
节	O	O
”	O	O
又	O	O
讯	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
是	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
乌	B	O
鲁	M	O
木	M	O
齐	E	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
玛	B	O
纳	M	O
斯	E	O
、	O	O
红	B	O
雁	M	O
池	E	O
、	O	O
苇	B	O
湖	M	O
梁	E	O
和	O	O
乌	O	B
拉	O	M
泊	O	E
发	O	O
电	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
对	O	O
输	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
变	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
配	O	O
电	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
巡	O	O
视	O	O
检	O	O
修	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
应	O	O
急	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
守	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
影	O	O
院	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
巡	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
修	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
待	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
疆	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
局	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
刘	O	O
应	O	O
宽	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
电	O	O
厂	O	O
带	O	O
岗	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
坚	O	O
守	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
永	O	O
华	O	O
）	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
千	O	O
里	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
风	O	O
歌	O	O
雪	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
茫	O	O
茫	O	O
，	O	O
雪	O	O
山	O	O
哨	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
们	O	O
张	O	O
灯	O	O
结	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
下	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
藏	O	O
兵	O	O
站	O	O
部	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
于	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
之	O	O
夜	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
装	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
于	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
从	O	O
格	B	O
尔	M	O
木	E	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
满	O	O
载	O	O
着	O	O
党	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
院	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
军	O	O
委	O	O
对	O	O
西	B	B
藏	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
厚	O	O
谊	O	O
，	O	O
浩	O	O
浩	O	O
荡	O	O
荡	O	O
驶	O	O
向	O	O
那	B	B
曲	E	E
灾	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O
湖	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
今	O	O
年	O	O
备	O	O
耕	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
手	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
作	O	O
好	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
和	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
外	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
调	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
的	O	O
迟	O	O
熟	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
海	B	B
南	E	E
三	B	B
亚	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
田	O	O
间	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
已	O	O
将	O	O
早	O	O
稻	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
购	O	O
回	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
何	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
育	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
栽	O	O
培	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
５	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
月	O	O
蹲	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
菜	O	O
田	O	O
里	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
种	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
良	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
足	O	O
迹	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
踏	O	O
遍	O	O
了	O	O
山	B	B
东	E	E
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
地	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
萝	O	O
卜	O	O
、	O	O
番	O	O
茄	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
白	O	O
菜	O	O
等	O	O
新	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
员	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
和	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
都	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
广	B	O
西	E	O
造	O	O
林	O	O
备	O	O
耕	O	O
两	O	O
不	O	O
误	O	O
２	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
廖	O	O
伟	O	O
兴	O	O
上	O	O
尉	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
木	O	O
棉	O	O
山	O	O
寨	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
黎	O	O
族	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
您	O	O
瞧	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
老	O	O
阿	O	O
婆	O	O
贺	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
木	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
牟	O	O
健	O	O
为	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
都	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
到	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
州	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
也	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
被	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
边	O	O
远	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
村	O	O
。	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
湖	O	O
北	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
和	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
还	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
状	O	O
。	O	O
到	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
４	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O
胡	O	O
跃	O	O
平	O	O
孙	O	O
海	O	O
涛	O	O
息	B	O
烽	M	O
县	E	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
划	O	O
归	O	O
贵	B	O
阳	M	O
市	E	O
管	O	O
辖	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
逐	O	O
户	O	O
建	O	O
卡	O	O
造	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
拟	O	O
订	O	O
对	O	O
口	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
里	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
位	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
与	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
户	O	O
结	O	O
成	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
青	B	B
山	M	M
乡	E	E
贫	O	O
困	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
深	O	O
、	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
面	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
三	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
大	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
大	O	O
部	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
贵	B	B
州	M	M
省	E	E
阴	O	O
雨	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
又	O	O
将	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
下	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
江	B	B
南	E	E
和	O	O
华	B	B
南	E	E
两	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
雨	O	O
。	O	O
初	O	O
七	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
降	O	O
雨	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
将	O	O
自	O	O
西	O	O
向	O	O
东	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
为	O	O
阴	O	O
间	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
三	O	O
至	O	O
初	O	O
四	O	O
，	O	O
汉	B	B
水	M	M
流	M	M
域	E	E
和	O	O
江	B	B
淮	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
夹	O	O
雪	O	O
。	O	O
相	O	O
隔	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
又	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
。	O	O
前	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
曾	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
我	O	O
采	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
“	O	O
说	O	O
说	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
”	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
，	O	O
耳	O	O
闻	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
想	O	O
“	O	O
再	O	O
说	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
”	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
史	O	O
增	O	O
海	O	O
到	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
上	O	O
任	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
兴	O	O
师	O	O
动	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
慷	O	O
慨	O	O
激	O	O
昂	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
想	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
座	O	O
右	O	O
铭	O	O
“	O	O
兴	O	O
我	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
，	O	O
富	O	O
我	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
请	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
家	O	O
用	O	O
斗	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
字	O	O
写	O	O
在	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
墙	O	O
壁	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
表	O	O
态	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
是	O	O
我	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
人	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
富	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
寝	O	O
食	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
史	O	O
增	O	O
海	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
农	O	O
民	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
从	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
从	O	O
７	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
４	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
４	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
４	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
史	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
为	O	O
俺	O	O
邱	B	B
县	E	E
玩	O	O
命	O	O
干	O	O
了	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
累	O	O
得	O	O
生	O	O
过	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
过	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
输	O	O
过	O	O
液	O	O
。	O	O
吉	B	B
林	M	M
省	E	E
通	B	B
榆	M	M
县	E	E
瞻	B	B
榆	M	M
乡	E	E
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O
临	O	O
近	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
春	O	O
中	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
教	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
登	O	O
门	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
面	O	O
粉	O	O
。	O	O
白	O	O
面	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
乐	O	O
在	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
喜	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
院	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
帮	O	O
一	O	O
老	O	O
汉	O	O
扛	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
粉	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
陈	O	O
杰	O	O
张	O	O
宝	O	O
丰	O	O
雷	O	O
世	O	O
林	O	O
吉	O	O
普	O	O
车	O	O
沉	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
５	O	O
米	O	O
多	O	O
深	O	O
冰	O	O
冷	O	O
的	O	O
河	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
片	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
肖	O	O
新	O	O
博	O	O
、	O	O
窦	O	O
连	O	O
东	O	O
、	O	O
窦	O	O
旭	O	O
山	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
浮	O	O
出	O	O
水	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
内	B	B
蒙	M	M
古	E	E
、	O	O
不	O	O
习	O	O
水	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
宋	O	O
立	O	O
杰	O	O
在	O	O
河	O	O
里	O	O
挣	O	O
扎	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
声	O	O
呼	O	O
喊	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
窦	O	O
哥	O	O
，	O	O
窦	O	O
哥	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
窦	O	O
连	O	O
东	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
本	O	O
已	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
向	O	O
宋	O	O
立	O	O
杰	O	O
游	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
搭	O	O
救	O	O
战	O	O
友	O	O
壮	O	O
烈	O	O
牺	O	O
牲	O	O
。	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
徐	O	O
京	O	O
跃	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
下	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
势	O	O
所	O	O
趋	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
所	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
岸	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
台	B	B
湾	E	E
独	O	O
立	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
谋	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
注	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
何	O	O
自	O	O
力	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
万	O	O
枚	O	O
烟	O	O
花	O	O
升	O	O
上	O	O
维	B	B
多	M	M
利	M	M
亚	M	M
港	E	E
的	O	O
夜	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
火	O	O
树	O	O
银	O	O
花	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
建	O	O
香	B	B
江	E	E
”	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
欢	O	O
度	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
后	O	O
首	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
历	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
场	O	O
里	O	O
拜	O	O
大	O	O
年	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
陈	O	O
乐	O	O
亮	O	O
老	O	O
汉	O	O
跑	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
武	O	O
仁	O	O
盈	O	O
按	O	O
辈	O	O
份	O	O
该	O	O
叫	O	O
他	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
辈	O	O
怎	O	O
好	O	O
给	O	O
晚	O	O
辈	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
！	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
伙	O	O
忍	O	O
俊	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
的	O	O
样	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
陈	O	O
乐	O	O
亮	O	O
声	O	O
如	O	O
洪	O	O
钟	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
仁	O	O
盈	O	O
帮	O	O
俺	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
养	O	O
鸡	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
俺	O	O
咋	O	O
能	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
两	O	O
三	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
俺	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
问	O	O
问	O	O
这	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
咋	O	O
给	O	O
小	O	O
鸡	O	O
搞	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
大	O	O
伙	O	O
一	O	O
听	O	O
都	O	O
笑	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
柳	B	B
林	M	M
村	E	E
的	O	O
王	O	O
传	O	O
河	O	O
接	O	O
过	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
俺	O	O
养	O	O
鸡	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
也	O	O
多	O	O
亏	O	O
了	O	O
仁	O	O
盈	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
早	O	O
俺	O	O
就	O	O
跑	O	O
来	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
呢	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
支	O	O
书	O	O
武	O	O
道	O	O
进	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
元	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
日	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
时	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
哈	B	B
尔	M	M
滨	M	M
火	M	M
车	M	M
站	E	E
第	O	O
二	O	O
候	O	O
车	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
热	O	O
闹	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
“	O	O
哈	O	O
站	O	O
与	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
共	O	O
度	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
横	O	O
幅	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
洋	O	O
溢	O	O
着	O	O
笑	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
盎	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
欣	O	O
赏	O	O
着	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
曲	O	O
《	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
是	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
》	O	O
将	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
客	O	O
运	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
引	O	O
吭	O	O
高	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
唱	O	O
得	O	O
真	O	O
挚	O	O
、	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
情	O	O
不	O	O
自	O	O
禁	O	O
地	O	O
跟	O	O
着	O	O
唱	O	O
了	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
符	O	O
泉	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
美	B	O
国	E	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
奥	O	O
尔	O	O
布	O	O
赖	O	O
特	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
乘	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
赴	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
和	O	O
中	B	B
东	E	E
游	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
为	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
任	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
国	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
英	B	B
国	E	E
明	O	O
确	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
采	O	O
取	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
它	O	O
还	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
号	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
母	O	O
舰	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
海	O	O
湾	O	O
。	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
和	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
反	O	O
对	O	O
动	O	O
武	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
会	O	O
晤	O	O
时	O	O
已	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
于	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
来	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O
海	O	O
湾	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
对	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
采	O	O
取	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
深	O	O
表	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
使	O	O
用	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
韦	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
纳	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
武	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
也	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
普	O	O
里	O	O
马	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
谢	O	O
尔	O	O
盖	O	O
耶	O	O
夫	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
与	O	O
德	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
吕	O	O
厄	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
金	O	O
克	O	O
尔	O	O
就	O	O
欧	B	B
洲	E	E
安	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
裁	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
形	O	O
势	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
发	O	O
动	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
尽	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
萨	O	O
哈	O	O
夫	O	O
还	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B	B
格	M	M
达	E	E
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
特	O	O
使	O	O
波	O	O
苏	O	O
瓦	O	O
柳	O	O
克	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
向	O	O
萨	O	O
达	O	O
姆	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
转	O	O
交	O	O
了	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
笔	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
俄	O	O
伊	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
为	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
法	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
内	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
还	O	O
将	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
注	O	O
视	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
普	O	O
里	O	O
马	O	O
科	O	O
夫	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
马	B	B
德	M	M
里	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
学	O	O
江	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
演	O	O
奏	O	O
了	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
田	O	O
鸣	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
《	O	O
大	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
》	O	O
和	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
《	O	O
我	O	O
爱	O	O
你	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
》	O	O
将	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
潮	O	O
拍	O	O
岸	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
恰	O	O
到	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
对	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
腔	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
道	O	O
豫	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
向	O	O
美	O	B
国	O	E
务	O	O
卿	O	O
辞	O	O
行	O	O
中	B	O
非	E	O
为	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
陆	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O
它	O	O
东	O	O
与	O	O
苏	B	B
丹	E	E
交	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
同	O	O
刚	B	B
果	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
和	O	O
刚	B	B
果	M	M
民	M	M
主	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
（	O	O
原	O	O
扎	B	O
伊	M	B
尔	M	M
共	M	M
和	M	M
国	E	E
）	O	O
接	O	O
壤	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
连	O	O
喀	B	B
麦	M	M
隆	E	E
，	O	O
北	O	O
邻	O	O
乍	B	O
得	E	O
。	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
２	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
。	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
部	O	O
族	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
巴	O	B
雅	O	E
、	O	O
班	O	O
达	O	O
、	O	O
桑	O	O
戈	O	O
和	O	O
曼	O	O
吉	O	O
阿	O	O
族	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
官	O	O
方	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
为	O	O
法	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
用	O	O
桑	O	O
戈	O	O
语	O	O
。	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
中	O	O
６	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
信	O	O
奉	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
信	O	O
天	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
信	O	O
奉	O	O
基	O	O
督	O	O
教	O	O
新	O	O
教	O	O
和	O	O
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
兰	O	O
教	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
：	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
：	O	O
钻	O	O
石	O	O
、	O	O
铀	O	O
、	O	O
铁	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
铜	O	O
等	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	O	O
锡	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
将	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
裁	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
冻	O	O
结	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
层	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
薪	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
昔	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
。	O	O
阿	O	O
姆	O	O
斯	O	O
特	O	O
朗	O	O
还	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
美	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
将	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
在	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
推	O	O
销	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
为	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
以	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
卡	O	O
雷	O	O
尔	O	O
・	O	O
范	O	O
米	O	O
尔	O	O
特	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
２	O	O
・	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
翔	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
与	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
签	O	O
有	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
意	B	B
大	M	M
利	E	E
销	O	O
售	O	O
商	O	O
向	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
奥	B	O
地	M	O
利	E	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
奥	O	O
迪	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
了	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
。	O	O
德	B	O
西	M	O
尔	M	O
吉	E	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
预	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
表	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
搭	O	O
乘	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
头	O	O
班	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
日	O	O
由	O	O
欧	O	O
盟	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
日	B	B
内	M	M
瓦	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	O	O
敬	O	O
臣	O	O
）	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
敦	O	O
促	O	O
日	B	B
本	E	E
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
业	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
壁	O	O
垒	O	O
。	O	O
与	O	O
小	O	O
村	O	O
武	O	O
同	O	O
向	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
藏	O	O
省	O	O
官	O	O
房	O	O
长	O	O
武	O	O
藤	O	O
敏	O	O
郎	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
桥	O	O
本	O	O
已	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
小	O	O
村	O	O
武	O	O
的	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
东	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
厅	O	O
自	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
４	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
对	O	O
种	O	O
禽	O	O
站	O	O
和	O	O
养	O	O
鸡	O	O
场	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
例	O	O
行	O	O
抽	O	O
样	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
未	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
Ｈ	O	O
５	O	O
Ｎ	O	O
１	O	O
亚	O	O
型	O	O
禽	O	O
流	O	O
感	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
。	O	O
该	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
厅	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
年	O	O
还	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
次	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
张	O	O
仃	O	O
）	O	O
丑	O	O
牛	O	O
奋	O	O
蹄	O	O
开	O	O
锦	O	O
绣	O	O
寅	O	O
虎	O	O
添	O	O
翼	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
云	O	O
（	O	O
隶	O	O
书	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
十	O	O
川	O	O
）	O	O
物	O	O
华	O	O
天	O	O
宝	O	O
歌	O	O
盛	O	O
世	O	O
人	O	O
杰	O	O
地	O	O
灵	O	O
唱	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
（	O	O
草	O	O
书	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
欧	O	O
阳	O	O
中	O	O
石	O	O
）	O	O
虎	O	O
奋	O	O
龙	O	O
骧	O	O
（	O	O
大	O	O
篆	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
王	O	O
冬	O	O
龄	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
李	O	O
尚	O	O
智	O	O
摄	O	O
）	O	O
江	O	O
泽	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
听	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
叔	O	O
曾	O	O
祖	O	O
林	O	O
则	O	O
徐	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
虎	B	O
门	E	O
销	O	O
烟	O	O
而	O	O
名	O	O
垂	O	O
青	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
『	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
睁	O	O
开	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
看	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
人	O	O
；	O	O
林	O	O
华	O	O
卿	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
颇	O	O
受	O	O
人	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
世	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
三	O	O
缄	O	O
其	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
讳	O	O
莫	O	O
如	O	O
深	O	O
。	O	O
当	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
问	O	O
起	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
世	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
林	O	O
华	O	O
卿	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
前	O	O
辈	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
强	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
来	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
。	O	O
』	O	O
（	O	O
Ａ	O	O
、	O	O
Ｂ	O	O
）	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
林	O	O
华	O	O
卿	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
扎	O	O
进	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
仅	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
就	O	O
和	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
们	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
出	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
修	O	O
理	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
、	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
、	O	O
勘	O	O
验	O	O
系	O	O
泊	O	O
和	O	O
航	O	O
行	O	O
预	O	O
试	O	O
大	O	O
纲	O	O
等	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
份	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
学	O	O
所	O	O
知	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
地	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
于	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
舰	O	O
艇	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
。	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
加	O	O
固	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
船	O	O
墩	O	O
就	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
齐	O	O
地	O	O
排	O	O
列	O	O
在	O	O
船	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
由	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
府	O	O
两	O	O
院	O	O
”	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
滥	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
上	B	B
海	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
萧	O	O
关	O	O
根	O	O
、	O	O
张	O	O
炯	O	O
强	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
，	O	O
浦	B	B
东	M	E
新	M	O
区	E	O
接	O	O
连	O	O
传	O	O
出	O	O
喜	O	O
讯	O	O
：	O	O
新	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
７	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
迁	O	O
入	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
陆	B	O
家	M	O
嘴	M	O
金	M	O
融	M	O
贸	M	O
易	M	O
区	E	O
的	O	O
上	B	B
海	M	M
证	M	M
券	M	M
大	M	M
厦	E	E
；	O	O
中	B	B
国	M	E
上	M	B
海	M	E
人	M	O
才	M	O
市	M	O
场	E	O
迁	O	O
入	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
陆	B	B
家	M	M
嘴	E	E
的	O	O
乐	B	O
凯	M	O
大	M	O
厦	E	O
；	O	O
上	O	B
海	O	E
浦	O	B
东	O	E
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
与	O	O
克	O	O
虏	O	O
伯	O	O
蒂	O	O
森	O	O
不	O	O
锈	O	O
钢	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
签	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
上	O	O
海	O	O
克	O	O
虏	O	O
伯	O	O
不	O	O
锈	O	O
钢	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
浦	B	B
东	E	E
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
：	O	O
以	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
为	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
二	O	O
产	O	O
为	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
日	O	O
趋	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
浦	B	B
东	E	E
第	O	O
二	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
区	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
比	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
金	B	O
桥	E	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
速	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
幅	O	O
达	O	O
４	O	O
１	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
江	B	B
苏	M	M
省	E	E
淮	B	B
阴	M	M
市	E	E
在	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
等	O	O
硬	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
良	O	O
性	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
２	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
．	O	O
１	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
营	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
４	O	O
６	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
以	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
为	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
刘	O	O
金	O	O
星	O	O
沈	O	O
根	O	O
陈	O	O
复	O	O
起	O	O
）	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
磨	O	O
一	O	O
剑	O	O
。	O	O
富	O	O
润	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
这	O	O
根	O	O
主	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
能	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
完	O	O
满	O	O
地	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
龚	O	O
达	O	O
发	O	O
在	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
船	O	O
闸	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
碰	O	O
到	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
葛	O	O
洲	O	O
坝	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
乔	O	O
生	O	O
祥	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
华	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
壮	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
：	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
米	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
米	O	O
宽	O	O
的	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
船	O	O
闸	O	O
已	O	O
现	O	O
雄	O	O
姿	O	O
，	O	O
巨	O	O
型	O	O
船	O	O
闸	O	O
门	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
完	O	O
毕	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
无	O	O
水	O	O
调	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
闸	O	O
底	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
浇	O	O
筑	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
游	O	O
引	O	O
航	O	O
道	O	O
正	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
开	O	O
挖	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
河	O	O
槽	O	O
已	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
人	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
葛	O	O
洲	O	O
坝	O	O
二	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
调	O	O
度	O	O
室	O	O
胡	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
船	O	O
闸	O	O
３	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
即	O	O
可	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
５	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
可	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
通	O	O
航	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
辽	B	O
宁	M	O
省	E	O
把	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
最	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
来	O	O
抓	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
辟	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
、	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
２	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
・	O	O
４	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
・	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
８	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
）	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
路	O	O
桥	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
经	O	O
北	O	O
京	O	O
九	O	O
千	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
Ｉ	O	O
Ｓ	O	O
Ｏ	O	O
９	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
获	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
路	O	O
桥	O	O
（	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
）	O	O
总	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
承	O	O
建	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
、	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
等	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
务	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
公	O	O
司	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
袁	O	O
思	O	O
忠	O	O
梁	O	O
建	O	O
维	O	O
）	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
成	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
涉	O	O
外	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
２	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
于	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
涉	O	O
外	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
最	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
税	O	O
种	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
涉	O	O
外	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
达	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
・	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
。	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
近	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
万	O	O
家	O	O
三	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
运	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
税	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
）	O	O
湖	B	B
南	M	M
省	E	E
还	O	O
从	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
中	O	O
拨	O	O
出	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
对	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
抑	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O
长	B	O
沙	M	O
市	E	O
国	O	O
合	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
门	O	O
店	O	O
除	O	O
冻	O	O
猪	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
鸡	O	O
蛋	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
限	O	O
价	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
以	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
市	O	O
价	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
％	O	O
敞	O	O
开	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
拉	B	B
萨	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	O	O
永	O	O
华	O	O
）	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
守	O	O
在	O	O
藏	O	B
北	O	M
高	O	M
原	O	E
抗	O	O
雪	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
武	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
零	O	O
下	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
搏	O	O
冰	O	O
斗	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
疏	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
抢	O	O
运	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
藏	O	O
族	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
安	O	O
度	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
哈	B	O
密	E	O
：	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
喜	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	O	O
安	O	O
南	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
福	B	B
建	E	E
、	O	O
宁	B	B
夏	E	E
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
对	O	O
口	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
西	B	B
海	M	M
固	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
，	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
夏	O	O
秋	O	O
三	O	O
季	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
干	O	O
旱	O	O
，	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
仍	O	O
获	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
７	O	O
万	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
北	B	B
京	E	M
人	O	M
民	O	M
亮	O	M
亮	O	M
堂	O	E
堂	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
很	O	O
荣	O	O
幸	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
宽	O	O
敞	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
蒙	O	O
古	O	O
族	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
朝	O	O
戈	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
７	O	O
８	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
回	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
要	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
送	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
怨	O	O
言	O	O
地	O	O
坚	O	O
守	O	O
在	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
献	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
“	O	O
长	B	B
岭	E	E
到	O	O
家	O	O
・	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
长	B	O
岭	E	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
要	O	O
填	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
卡	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
中	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
花	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
买	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
长	B	O
岭	E	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
冰	O	O
箱	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
８	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
将	O	O
被	O	O
捐	O	O
给	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
济	B	B
南	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
董	O	O
振	O	O
国	O	O
）	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
泉	B	B
城	E	E
济	B	B
南	E	E
的	O	O
夜	O	O
晚	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
流	O	O
光	O	O
溢	O	O
彩	O	O
、	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
缤	O	O
纷	O	O
。	O	O
多	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
建	O	O
房	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
汕	B	O
头	E	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
『	O	O
居	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
屋	O	O
』	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
为	O	O
使	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
穆	O	O
斯	O	O
林	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
斋	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
７	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
给	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O
双	O	O
喜	O	O
盈	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
汉	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
庆	O	O
节	O	O
中	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
均	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
网	O	O
页	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
者	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
“	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
资	O	O
讯	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
便	O	O
可	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
各	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
网	O	O
页	O	O
，	O	O
浏	O	O
览	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
及	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
架	O	O
构	O	O
等	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
网	O	O
页	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
聆	O	O
讯	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
审	O	O
讯	O	O
表	O	O
及	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
概	O	O
况	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
浏	O	O
览	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
由	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
创	O	O
立	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
８	O	O
２	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
至	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
８	O	O
７	O	O
２	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
９	O	O
倍	O	O
；	O	O
总	O	O
浏	O	O
览	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
约	O	O
１	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
段	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
日	O	O
浏	O	O
览	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
由	O	O
５	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
至	O	O
３	O	O
９	O	O
３	O	O
１	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O
先	O	O
期	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
舍	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
离	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
源	O	O
源	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
涌	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
除	O	O
夕	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
浓	O	O
郁	O	O
热	O	O
带	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
遐	O	O
迩	O	O
的	O	O
南	O	B
国	O	E
边	O	B
城	O	E
三	B	B
亚	M	M
市	E	E
，	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
升	O	O
温	O	O
。	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
大	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
万	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
蜂	O	O
拥	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
挤	O	O
裂	O	O
撑	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
爸	O	O
爸	O	O
也	O	O
去	O	O
潜	O	O
水	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
沙	O	O
滩	O	O
上	O	O
踏	O	O
水	O	O
踩	O	O
沙	O	O
的	O	O
上	B	O
海	E	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
陈	O	O
超	O	O
君	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
他	O	O
和	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
三	B	B
亚	E	E
，	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
见	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
蓝	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
沙	O	O
，	O	O
三	B	O
亚	E	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
太	O	O
美	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
齐	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
实	O	O
惠	O	O
成	B	O
都	E	O
粮	O	O
油	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
粮	O	O
店	O	O
除	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
大	O	O
宗	O	O
粮	O	O
油	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
备	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
粉	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
豆	O	O
粉	O	O
、	O	O
豌	O	O
豆	O	O
粉	O	O
等	O	O
粗	O	O
粮	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
贸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
红	O	O
豆	O	O
、	O	O
绿	O	O
豆	O	O
、	O	O
黑	O	O
豆	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
豆	O	O
、	O	O
雪	O	O
豆	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
货	O	O
源	O	O
丰	O	O
裕	O	O
，	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
上	O	O
乘	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
者	O	O
络	O	O
绎	O	O
不	O	O
绝	O	O
。	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
：	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
萨	O	O
达	O	O
姆	O	O
：	O	O
不	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
早	O	O
些	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
克	O	O
林	O	O
顿	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
同	O	O
加	B	B
拿	M	M
大	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
克	O	O
雷	O	O
蒂	O	O
安	O	O
通	O	O
了	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
局	O	O
势	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
再	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
据	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
官	O	O
员	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
依	O	O
旧	O	O
在	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
美	B	B
国	E	E
就	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
同	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
摊	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
萨	O	O
哈	O	O
夫	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
８	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
安	O	O
理	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
内	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
同	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
进	O	O
行	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
都	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
“	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
巴	B	B
黎	E	E
的	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
侧	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
外	O	O
长	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
到	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
了	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
韦	O	O
德	O	O
里	O	O
纳	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
也	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
无	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
对	O	O
伊	B	B
拉	M	M
克	E	E
使	O	O
用	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
帕	O	O
塔	O	O
塞	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
非	E	E
和	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
真	O	O
诚	O	O
、	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
和	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
之	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
中	B	O
非	E	O
有	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
的	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
携	O	O
手	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O
２	O	O
、	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
―	O	O
Ｔ	O	O
Ｍ	O	O
２	O	O
７	O	O
”	O	O
号	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
飞	O	O
船	O	O
从	O	O
哈	B	B
萨	M	M
克	M	M
斯	M	M
坦	E	E
境	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
拜	B	O
科	M	O
努	M	O
尔	M	O
发	M	O
射	M	O
场	E	O
升	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
法	B	B
国	E	E
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
埃	O	O
伊	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
茨	O	O
（	O	O
左	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
登	O	O
机	O	O
前	O	O
透	O	O
过	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
墙	O	O
与	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
道	O	O
别	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
华	O	O
社	O	O
发	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
社	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O
泰	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
川	O	O
・	O	O
立	O	O
派	O	O
和	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
总	O	O
理	O	O
科	O	O
尔	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O
川	O	O
・	O	O
立	O	O
派	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
东	B	B
亚	E	E
的	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
和	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
约	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
／	O	O
３	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
地	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
为	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
而	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
开	O	O
６	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
名	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
“	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
“	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
３	O	O
３	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
“	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
助	O	O
理	O	O
及	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
参	O	O
、	O	O
众	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
５	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
李	O	O
道	O	O
豫	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
在	O	O
美	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
已	O	O
将	O	O
近	O	O
５	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
华	B	B
盛	M	M
顿	E	E
，	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
稍	O	O
事	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
后	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
驻	O	O
德	B	B
国	E	E
慕	B	B
尼	M	M
黑	E	E
总	O	O
领	O	O
事	O	O
馆	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B	B
芬	M	M
堡	M	M
王	M	M
宫	M	M
饭	M	M
店	E	E
举	O	O
行	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B	B
伐	M	M
利	M	M
亚	M	M
州	E	E
的	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
华	O	O
人	O	O
华	O	O
侨	O	O
和	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
共	O	O
祝	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
虎	O	O
年	O	O
生	O	O
威	O	O
，	O	O
蒸	O	O
蒸	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O
辞	O	O
旧	O	O
迎	O	O
新	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
抚	O	O
今	O	O
追	O	O
昔	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O
回	O	O
首	O	O
牛	O	O
年	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
潮	O	O
难	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
香	B	B
港	E	E
回	O	O
归	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
眠	O	O
之	O	O
夜	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
共	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
毛	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
接	O	O
见	O	O
留	O	O
苏	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
“	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
寄	O	O
托	O	O
在	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
”	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
演	O	O
说	O	O
４	O	O
０	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
日	O	O
邦	O	O
交	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
化	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
留	O	O
日	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
又	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
喜	O	O
庆	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
水	O	O
果	O	O
物	O	O
美	O	O
价	O	O
廉	O	O
。	O	O
“	O	O
到	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
了	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
餐	O	O
桌	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
卷	O	O
、	O	O
麻	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
饺	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
“	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
真	O	O
好	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
自	O	O
言	O	O
自	O	O
语	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
东	B	B
京	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
４	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B
国	O	E
驻	O	O
加	O	B
拿	O	M
大	O	E
使	O	O
馆	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
处	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
室	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
欢	O	O
声	O	O
笑	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
留	O	O
学	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
佳	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
手	O	O
捧	O	O
贺	O	O
卡	O	O
望	O	O
冰	B	O
城	E	O
，	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
读	O	O
渥	O	O
京	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
欢	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
登	O	O
台	O	O
献	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
首	O	O
久	O	O
违	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
今	O	O
宵	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
渥	B	B
太	M	M
华	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
５	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O
据	O	O
菲	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
署	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
菲	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
８	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
６	O	O
．	O	O
９	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
５	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
与	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
和	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
勾	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
赂	O	O
和	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
。	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
搜	O	O
查	O	O
了	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
名	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
和	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
３	O	O
名	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
解	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
涉	O	O
嫌	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
和	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
病	O	O
假	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
都	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
。	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
短	O	O
暂	O	O
休	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
今	O	O
早	O	O
由	O	O
维	B	B
也	M	M
纳	E	E
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
第	O	O
二	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
格	B	B
拉	M	M
茨	E	E
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
乐	O	O
团	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
奥	B	B
地	M	M
利	E	E
之	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
场	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
箫	O	O
、	O	O
埙	O	O
、	O	O
古	O	O
琴	O	O
、	O	O
琵	O	O
琶	O	O
依	O	O
序	O	O
登	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
和	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
厅	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
也	O	O
渐	O	O
入	O	O
佳	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O
又	O	O
闻	O	O
《	O	O
茉	O	O
莉	O	O
花	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
馥	O	O
郁	O	O
芬	O	O
芳	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
赏	O	O
《	O	O
瑶	O	O
族	O	O
舞	O	O
曲	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
悠	O	O
扬	O	O
奔	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
改	O	O
编	O	O
的	O	O
施	O	O
特	O	O
劳	O	O
斯	O	O
《	O	O
拨	O	O
弦	O	O
波	O	O
尔	O	O
卡	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
唤	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
共	O	O
鸣	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
乐	O	O
弹	O	O
拨	O	O
乐	O	O
器	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
独	O	O
到	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
看	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
万	O	O
部	O	O
歌	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
８	O	O
６	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
布	O	O
拉	O	O
威	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
出	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
那	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
乐	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
解	O	O
妙	O	O
趣	O	O
横	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
沟	O	O
通	O	O
中	B	B
国	E	E
民	O	O
乐	O	O
与	O	O
格	B	B
拉	M	M
茨	E	E
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
。	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
１	O	O
月	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	O	O
宏	O	O
治	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
总	O	O
统	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
选	O	O
。	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
９	O	O
月	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
曾	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
不	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
中	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
连	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
亚	O	O
斯	O	O
特	O	O
任	O	O
布	O	O
斯	O	O
基	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
比	B	B
利	M	M
时	E	E
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
“	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
”	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
在	O	O
２	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
０	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
中	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
连	O	O
任	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
行	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
１	O	O
９	O	O
９	O	O
６	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
才	O	O
应	O	O
算	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
曾	O	O
出	O	O
面	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
否	O	O
认	O	O
。	O	O
但	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
１	O	O
月	O	O
２	O	O
１	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
俄	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
涅	O	O
姆	O	O
佐	O	O
夫	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
莫	B	B
斯	M	M
科	E	E
回	O	O
声	O	O
”	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
、	O	O
连	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
是	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
俄	B	B
罗	M	M
斯	E	E
公	O	O
民	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
俄	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
对	O	O
叶	O	O
利	O	O
钦	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
谋	O	O
求	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
猜	O	O
测	O	O
。	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
美	O	O
联	O	O
储	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
格	O	O
林	O	O
斯	O	O
潘	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
纽	B	B
约	E	E
股	O	O
市	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
日	O	O
攀	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
道	O	O
―	O	O
琼	O	O
斯	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
种	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
５	O	O
７	O	O
．	O	O
５	O	O
５	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
盘	O	O
收	O	O
于	O	O
７	O	O
９	O	O
７	O	O
３	O	O
．	O	O
０	O	O
２	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
斯	B	B
里	M	M
兰	M	M
卡	E	E
北	O	O
部	O	O
贾	B	O
夫	M	O
纳	M	O
地	M	O
区	E	O
和	O	O
奇	B	B
里	M	M
诺	M	M
奇	M	M
地	M	M
区	E	E
１	O	O
０	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
２	O	O
９	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
于	O	O
３	O	O
０	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
揭	O	O
晓	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
姆	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
的	O	O
席	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
１	O	O
７	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
镇	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
２	O	O
３	O	O
２	O	O
个	O	O
席	O	O
位	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
姆	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
１	O	O
０	O	O
５	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
泰	O	O
米	O	O
尔	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
姆	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
阵	O	O
线	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
６	O	O
２	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
伊	O	O
拉	O	O
姆	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
阵	O	O
线	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
２	O	O
６	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
余	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
席	O	O
位	O	O
被	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
。	O	O
何	O	O
谓	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
？	O	O
顾	O	O
名	O	O
思	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
星	O	O
星	O	O
。	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
在	O	O
乡	O	O
下	O	O
时	O	O
我	O	O
常	O	O
听	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
星	O	O
星	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
光	O	O
线	O	O
暗	O	O
淡	O	O
、	O	O
密	O	O
密	O	O
麻	O	O
麻	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
颗	O	O
小	O	O
星	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
芸	O	O
芸	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
；	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
灿	O	O
烂	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
亮	O	O
星	O	O
星	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
就	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
大	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
歌	O	O
坛	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
等	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
耀	O	O
眼	O	O
的	O	O
星	O	O
群	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
俗	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
惯	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
孝	O	O
，	O	O
肥	O	O
田	O	O
出	O	O
瘪	O	O
稻	O	O
。	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
凡	O	O
事	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
立	O	O
个	O	O
规	O	O
矩	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
其	O	O
次	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
也	O	O
该	O	O
自	O	O
尊	O	O
自	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
捧	O	O
臭	O	O
脚	O	O
。	O	O
（	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
：	O	O
语	O	O
丝	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
社	O	O
）	O	O
我	O	O
生	O	O
平	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
最	O	O
壮	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
腾	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
五	O	O
谷	O	O
丰	O	O
登	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
树	O	O
花	O	O
”	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
绚	O	O
烂	O	O
与	O	O
神	O	O
妙	O	O
！	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
春	O	O
元	O	O
宵	O	O
节	O	O
在	O	O
河	B	B
北	E	E
蔚	B	B
县	E	E
暖	B	O
泉	E	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
奇	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
豪	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
喷	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
智	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
灿	O	O
若	O	O
明	O	O
霞	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
树	O	O
花	O	O
”	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
崇	O	O
尚	O	O
之	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
赞	O	O
美	O	O
！	O	O
跨	O	O
过	O	O
岁	O	O
末	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
门	O	O
槛	O	O
都	O	O
映	O	O
着	O	O
你	O	O
绯	O	O
红	O	O
的	O	O
脸	O	O
庞	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
手	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
楣	O	O
上	O	O
那	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
双	O	O
春	O	O
雨	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
春	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
板	O	O
上	O	O
我	O	O
跑	O	O
进	O	O
院	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
江	B	B
峡	M	M
大	M	M
道	E	E
。	O	O
赶	O	O
戏	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
神	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
平	O	O
日	O	O
难	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
腊	O	O
鱼	O	O
腊	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
糍	O	O
粑	O	O
甜	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
那	O	O
牵	O	O
动	O	O
庄	O	O
稼	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
灯	O	O
花	O	O
鼓	O	O
戏	O	O
。	O	O
湘	B	O
北	E	O
最	O	O
盛	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
花	O	O
鼓	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
地	O	O
花	O	O
鼓	O	O
。	O	O
腊	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
队	O	O
长	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
点	O	O
将	O	O
彩	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
舞	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
举	O	O
灯	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
唱	O	O
戏	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
奏	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
就	O	O
各	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
队	O	O
长	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
几	O	O
句	O	O
发	O	O
号	O	O
施	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
排	O	O
练	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
。	O	O
队	O	O
长	O	O
是	O	O
总	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
总	O	O
监	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
都	O	O
听	O	O
从	O	O
他	O	O
。	O	O
彩	O	O
排	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
要	O	O
延	O	O
续	O	O
到	O	O
大	O	O
年	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
住	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
楼	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
灯	O	O
花	O	O
鼓	O	O
戏	O	O
渐	O	O
已	O	O
稀	O	O
少	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
楼	O	O
房	O	O
里	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
着	O	O
Ｖ	O	O
Ｃ	O	O
Ｄ	O	O
、	O	O
麻	O	O
将	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
盛	O	O
的	O	O
腊	O	O
鱼	O	O
腊	O	O
肉	O	O
也	O	O
少	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
―	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
腊	O	O
味	O	O
店	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
蛰	O	O
居	O	O
省	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
雅	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
年	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
软	O	O
绵	O	O
绵	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
歌	O	O
对	O	O
唱	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
下	O	O
地	O	O
花	O	O
鼓	O	O
的	O	O
粗	O	O
犷	O	O
、	O	O
豪	O	O
放	O	O
欲	O	O
觅	O	O
无	O	O
踪	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
奔	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
乡	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
想	O	O
循	O	O
着	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
鼓	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
赶	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
花	O	O
鼓	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
大	O	O
树	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
随	O	O
处	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
前	O	O
屋	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
路	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
蓊	O	O
蓊	O	O
郁	O	O
郁	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
瘦	O	O
削	O	O
峭	O	O
拔	O	O
巍	O	O
然	O	O
兀	O	O
立	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
枯	O	O
槁	O	O
中	O	O
却	O	O
见	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
枝	O	O
，	O	O
嫩	O	O
叶	O	O
在	O	O
枝	O	O
桠	O	O
间	O	O
簇	O	O
拥	O	O
成	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
棵	O	O
或	O	O
几	O	O
棵	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
者	O	O
则	O	O
成	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
安	O	O
详	O	O
地	O	O
守	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
朝	O	O
霞	O	O
和	O	O
炊	O	O
烟	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
屏	O	O
障	O	O
和	O	O
福	O	O
佑	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
倘	O	O
能	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
设	O	O
坛	O	O
以	O	O
香	O	O
火	O	O
供	O	O
奉	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
农	O	O
人	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
脉	O	O
风	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
夏	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
树	O	O
底	O	O
下	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
下	O	O
桩	O	O
拴	O	O
牛	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
路	O	O
人	O	O
遮	O	O
荫	O	O
蔽	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
树	O	O
多	O	O
半	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
常	O	O
绿	O	O
渲	O	O
染	O	O
着	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
韵	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
升	O	O
华	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
：	O	O
沉	O	O
着	O	O
、	O	O
淳	O	O
朴	O	O
、	O	O
富	O	O
于	O	O
耐	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
大	O	O
树	O	O
是	O	O
田	O	O
园	O	O
牧	O	O
歌	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
音	O	O
符	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
寓	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
托	O	O
举	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
神	O	O
秘	O	O
、	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
古	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
乐	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O
孤	O	O
寂	O	O
的	O	O
夜	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
踏	O	O
着	O	O
轻	O	O
盈	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
履	O	O
漫	O	O
步	O	O
在	O	O
繁	O	O
华	O	O
的	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
小	O	O
巷	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
首	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
紧	O	O
跟	O	O
时	O	O
尚	O	O
浸	O	O
入	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
扉	O	O
，	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
荡	O	O
气	O	O
回	O	O
肠	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
忘	O	O
却	O	O
。	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
珍	O	O
藏	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
永	O	O
唱	O	O
不	O	O
厌	O	O
的	O	O
歌	O	O
《	O	O
说	O	O
句	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
话	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
说	O	O
句	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
话	O	O
》	O	O
这	O	O
首	O	O
歌	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
回	O	O
荡	O	O
在	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O
肖	O	O
形	O	O
虎	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
３	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
高	O	O
温	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
楚	O	O
，	O	O
缓	O	O
缓	O	O
游	O	O
动	O	O
于	O	O
瓷	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
隅	O	O
闪	O	O
烁	O	O
光	O	O
华	O	O
。	O	O
月	O	O
影	O	O
轻	O	O
移	O	O
，	O	O
玄	O	O
奥	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
深	O	O
埋	O	O
，	O	O
怀	O	O
揣	O	O
这	O	O
如	O	O
泣	O	O
如	O	O
诉	O	O
的	O	O
呵	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O

